000084744600007	X	"Dimensional and form accuracy of a workpiece are influenced by the fixture layout selected for the machining operation. Hence, optimization of fixture layout is a critical aspect of machining fixture design. This paper presents a fixture layout optimization technique that uses the genetic algorithm (GA) to find the fixture layout that minimizes the deformation of the machined surface due to clamping and machining forces over the entire tool path, The advantages of the GA-based method over previously reported nonlinear programming methods for fixture layout optimization are discussed. Two GA-based fixture layout optimization approaches are implemented and compared by applying them to several two-dimensional example problems. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.; Machining fixture layout optimization using the genetic algorithm"
000085435600009	X	"Tissue engineering is the development of biological substitutes and/or the fostering of tissue regeneration/remodelling. It is emerging as a technology which has the potential to confront the crisis in transplantation caused by the shortage of donor tissues and organs. With the development of this technology, there is emerging a new industry which is at the interface of biotechnology and the traditional medical implant field. For this technology and the associated industry to realize their full potential, there are core, enabling technologies that need to be developed. This is the focus of the Georgia Tech/Emory Center for the Engineering of Living Tissues, newly established in the United States, with an Engineering Research Center Award from the National Science Foundation. With the development of these core technologies, tissue engineering will evolve from an art form to a technology based on science and engineering.; Tissue engineering: Confronting the transplantation crisis"
000085587800002	X	"This paper is about modeling and solving mixed integer programming (MIP) problems. In the last decade, the use of mixed integer programming models has increased dramatically. Fifteen years ago, mainframe computers were required to solve problems with a hundred integer variables. Now it is possible to solve problems with thousands of integer variables on a personal computer and obtain provably good approximate solutions to problems such as set partitioning with millions of binary variables. These advances have been made possible by developments in modeling, algorithms, software, and hardware. This paper focuses on effective modeling, preprocessing, and the methodologies of branch-and-cut and branch-and-price, which are the techniques that make it possible to treat problems with either a very large number of constraints or a very large number of variables. We show how these techniques are useful in important application areas such as network design and crew scheduling. Finally, we discuss the relatively new research areas of parallel integer programming and stochastic integer programming.; Progress in linear programming-based algorithms for integer programming: An exposition"
000085857600019	X	"The thermal conductivities re of the dielectric and conducting thin films of three commercial CMOS processes were determined in the temperature range from 120 to 400 K, The measurements were performed using micromachined heatable test structures containing the lavers to be characterized, The kappa values of thermally grown silicon oxides are reduced from bulk fused silica by roughly 20%, The kappa of phospho silicate and borophospho silicate glasses are 0.94 +/- 0.08 Wm(-1)K(-1) and 1.18 +/- 0.06 Wm(-1)K(-1),respectively, at 300 K, A plasma-enhanced chemical-vapor-deposition silicon-nitride layer has a thermal conductivity of 2.23 +/- 0.12 Wm(-1)K(-1) at 300 K, This value is between published data for atmospheric-pressure CVD and low-pressure CVD nitrides, For the metal layers, we found thermal conductivities between 167 Wm(-1)K(-1) and 206 Wm(-1)K(-1), respectively, at 300 K, to be compared with 238 Wm(-1)K(-1) of bulk aluminum, The temperature-dependent product rep of kappa rho with the electrical resistivity rho agrees better than 8.2% between 180-400 K with that of pure bulk aluminum, The kappa values of the poiysilicon lavers are between 22.4 Wm(-1)K(-1) and 37.3 Wm(-1)K(-1) at 300 K, They are reduced from similarly doped bulk silicon by factors of between 2.0-1.3, The observed discrepancies between thin film and bulk data demonstrate the importance of determining the process-dependent thermal conductivities of CMOS thin films. [442].; Process-dependent thin-film thermal conductivities for thermal CMOS MEMS"
000086031200080	X	"The photoluminescent (PL) emission and photovoltaic (PV) response of two distinctly structured (prepared) porous silicon (PS) surfaces are compared and contrasted. The PV response of a porous silicon structure consisting of a microporous framework on which is superimposed a nanoporous layer is distinct from that of the branched nanoporous silicon structure generated in an aqueous etch environment. The observed PV response for this hybrid morphology is clearly not dominated by the covering nanoporous structure and displays a response that appears to be intermediate between those observed for nanoporous PS (band gap 1.80 +/- 0.2 eV) and crystalline: silicon. In contrast, rime-dependent histograms of the PL emission from the hybrid microporous-nanoporous and nanoporous structures, although not precisely the same, are quite similar. These observations, while consistent with a surface-dominated emission process associated with a bound fluorophor and not with the quantum confinement model, do suggest the influence of the PS bulk morphology on surface transformation.; Contrasting photovoltaic response and photoluminescence for distinct porous silicon pore structures"
000086873800020	X	"We have analyzed the expression and function of the Caenorhabditis elegans gene nhr-25, a member of the widely conserved FTZ-F1 family of nuclear receptors. The gene encodes two protein isoforms, only one of which has a DNA binding domain. nhr-25 is transcribed during embryonic and larval development. A nhr-25::GFP fusion gene is expressed in the epidermis, the developing somatic gonad, and a subset of other epithelial cells. RNA-mediated interference indicates a requirement for nhr-25 function during development: disruption of nhr-25 function leads to embryonic arrest due to failure of the epidermally mediated process of embryo elongation. Animals that survive to hatching arrest as misshapen larvae that occasionally exhibit defects in shedding molted cuticle. In addition, somatic gonad development is defective in these larvae. These results further establish the importance of FTZ-F1 nuclear receptors in molting and developmental control across evolutionarily distant phyla. (C) 2000 Academic Press.; nhr-25, the Caenorhabditis elegans ortholog of ftz-f1, is required for epidermal and somatic gonad development"
000087437700004	X	"We consider a dynamic network flow problem where the are capacities are random variables. This gives a multistage stochastic linear program. We describe the randomness using a multi-scenario approach. Because of the multilayered structure, there are several ways to decompose the linear program. We classify different decomposition schemes, and we develop a scheme called compath decomposition, which is derived from path decomposition for network flows. We give a polynomial-time algorithm to find a cheapest compath that can solve the subproblems resulting from compath decomposition. Finally, compath decomposition is extended to multicommodity flow problems.; A dynamic network flow problem with uncertain arc capacities: Formulation and problem structure"
000087518500001	X	"Dynamic mechanical conditioning is investigated as a means of improving the mechanical properties of tissue-engineered blood vessel constructs composed of living cells embedded in a collagen-gel scaffold. This approach attempts to elicit a unique response from the embedded cells so as to reorganize their surrounding matrix, thus improving the overall mechanical stability of the constructs. Mechanical conditioning, in the form of cyclic strain, was applied to the tubular constructs at a frequency of 1 Hz for 4 and 8 days. The response to conditioning thus evinced involved increased contraction and mechanical strength, as compared to statically cultured controls. Significant increases in ultimate stress and material modulus were seen over an 8 day culture period. Accompanying morphological changes showed increased circumferential orientation in response to the cyclic stimulus. We conclude that dynamic mechanical conditioning during tissue culture leads to an improvement in the properties of tissue-engineered blood vessel constructs in terms of mechanical strength and histological organization. This concept, in conjunction with a proper biochemical environment, could present a better model for engineering vascular constructs. (C) 2000 Biomedical Enginerring Society.; Dynamic mechanical conditioning of collagen-gel blood vessel constructs induces remodeling in vitro"
000089418400018	X	"This paper firstly reports on the high-frequency SPICE model of the ACF flip-chip interconnections up to 13 GHz. The extraction process Is based on an optimization procedure, called a genetic algorithm, which is known as a robust optimization tool. The proposed equivalent circuit model of the ACF interconnection can readily be used in SPICE circuit simulations for signal integrity analysis of high-frequency packages. Two different ACF interconnections were studied using the Au-coated polymer ball and Ni-filled ball. The extracted models of the two ACFs were found strongly dependent on not only size and rigidity of the conducting balls, but also on their magnetic permeability.; High-frequency SPICE model of anisotropic conductive film flip-chip interconnections based on a genetic algorithm"
000089478700002	X	"This paper presents a single-wafer high aspect-ratio micromachining technology capable of simultaneously producing tens to hundreds of micrometers thick electrically isolated poly and single-crystal silicon microstructures. High aspect-ratio polysilicon structures are created by refilling hundreds of micrometers deep trenches with polysilicon deposited over a sacrificial oxide layer. Thick single-crystal silicon structures are released from the substrate through the front side of the wafer by means of a combined directional and isotropic silicon dry etch and are protected on the sides by refilled trenches. This process is capable of producing electrically isolated polysilicon and silicon electrodes as tall as the main body structure with various size capacitive air gaps ranging from submicrometer to tens of micrometers. Using bent-beam strain sensors, residual stress in 80-mu m-thick 4-mu m-wide trench-refilled vertical polysilicon beams fabricated in this technology has been measured to be virtually zero, 300-mu m-long 80-mu m-thick polysilicon clamped-clamped beam micromechanical resonators have shown quality factors as high as 85 000 in vacuum. The all-silicon feature of this technology improves long-term stability and temperature sensitivity, while fabrication of large-area vertical pickoff electrodes with submicrometer gap spacing will increase the sensitivity of microelectromechanical devices by orders of magnitude.; High aspect-ratio combined poly and single-crystal silicon (HARPSS) MEMS technology"
000089535800004	X	"In this paper we discuss Monte Carlo simulation based approximations of a stochastic programming problem. We show that if the corresponding random functions are convex piecewise linear and the distribution is discrete, then an optimal solution of the approximating problem provides an exact optimal solution of the true problem with probability one for sufficiently large sample size. Moreover, by using the theory of large deviations, we show that the probability of such an event approaches one exponentially fast with increase of the sample size. In particular, this happens in the case of linear two- ( or multi-) stage stochastic programming with recourse if the corresponding distributions are discrete. The obtained results suggest that, in such cases, Monte Carlo simulation based methods could be very efficient. We present some numerical examples to illustrate the ideas involved.; On the rate of convergence of optimal solutions of Monte Carlo approximations of stochastic programs"
000089887400001	X	"Pierre Galletti, my friend and colleague, passed away on March 8, 1997, having left his mark on the emerging field of biomedical engineering. He was a pioneering researcher, making his impact in such fields as heart-lung bypass, artificial organs, and tissue engineering. He was a dedicated teacher and a mentor to many. He not only provided leadership in the establishment of the medical school at Brown University, but also helped start Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta. He was an entrepreneur and an individual who realized that ultimately basic science only impacts patient care when new technology is made available to the public. He served the bioengineering community in many ways, later in life becoming active in public policy, and as the second president of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering, more than anyone focused this organization on its public policy role. He was the consummate biomedical engineer, a person of great vision, a man for all seasons.; Pierre M. Galletti: A personal reflection"
000089887400011	X	"By incorporating techniques adapted from the microelectronics industry, the field of microfabrication has allowed the creation of microneedles, which have the potential to improve existing biological-laboratory and medical devices and to enable novel devices for gene and drug delivery. Dense arrays of microneedles have been used to deliver DNA into cells. Many cells are treated at once, which is much more efficient than current microinjection techniques. Microneedles have also been used to deliver drugs into local regions of tissue. Microfabricated neural probes have delivered drugs into neural tissue while simultaneously stimulating and recording neuronal activity, and microneedles have been inserted into arterial vessel walls to deliver anti-restenosis drugs. Finally, microhypodermic needles and microneedles for transdermal drug delivery have been developed to reduce needle insertion pain and tissue trauma and to provide controlled delivery across the skin. These needles have been shown to be robust enough to penetrate skin and dramatically increase skin permeability to macromolecules.; Microfabricated microneedles for gene and drug delivery"
000089991700010	X	"Islanding of a utility-interactive photovoltaic (UIPV) system occurs if the UIPV system continues to power a section of the utility system after that section has been disconnected from the utility source. Since islanding creates hazards for personnel and equipment, UIPV systems are required to detect and prevent it. It is desirable to have a simplified method of determining which islanding detection methods (IDM's) are most effective. In this paper, a previously described method for finding the nondetection zones (NDZ's) of IDM's is experimentally verified. This method is used to determine the NDZ's of several common IDM's. These results indicate that, of the IDM's discussed in this paper: 1) Sandia Frequency Shift (SFS) is most effective; 2) the worst-case loads are low-power loads that are near resonance at the line frequency and have a large capacitance and small inductance (a high value of the quality factor Q).; Determining the relative effectiveness of islanding detection methods using phase criteria and nondetection zones"
000090126400081	X	"For widespread implementation of silicon PV, the module cost must be reduced by a factor of 2-4. This can be accomplished by lowering the cost of solar cell materials and processing without sacrificing cell efficiency. IZ combination of high throughput belt line processing, SP contacts and me-Si material offers an opportunity for significant cost reduction. However, most cell manufacturers who use the above combination are only able to achieve fill factors in the range of 0.68-0.75 with cell efficiencies in the range of 10-14%. Thus throughput gains are attained at the expense of device performance. Tn addition, there is considerable scatter in the fill factor of the SP cells in the literature with no clear guidelines for achieving high fill factors. This paper shows that proper understanding of loss mechanisms and optimization of SP paste and Bring cycle can lead to fill factors approaching 0.77 and 0.79 on me-Si and single crystal silicon, respectively, on a 45 Omega/square rapidly formed belt line emitter with a shallow junction depth of similar to 0.27 mum It was observed that deep and shallow emitters on me-Si could lead to the same values of fill factors similar to 0.77 when the proper combination of paste and firing cycle is applied. The peak firing temperature for deep emitter is higher than the shallow ones with superior value of junction leakage current. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Optimization of front metal contact firing scheme to achieve high fill factors on screen printed silicon solar cells"
000090126400082	X	"A new silicon solar cell structure is presented in which the p-n junction is formed by alloying aluminum with n-type silicon, and where this p-n junction is located at the back (unilluminated) side of the cell. With a phosphorus front diffusion, the resultant n(+) np(+) structure has been implemented using dendritic web silicon substrates which are 100 mum thick and doped with antimony to 20 Omega cm. Such a structure eliminates shunting of the p-fi junction, provides an effective front surface field, enables a high minority carrier lifetime in the base, and is immune to light-induced degradation. Using only production-worthy, high-throughput processes, aluminum alloy back junction dendritic web cells have been fabricated with efficiencies up to 14.2% and with corresponding minority carrier (hole) lifetime in the base of 115 mus. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Aluminum alloy back p-n junction dendritic web silicon solar cell"
000165299400019	X	"The thrust of this project was to evaluate commercial conformal encapsulation candidates for low cost aerospace applications. The candidate conformal coatings evaluated in this study included silicone elastomers, epoxies, and Parylenes with bi-layer or tri-layer designs. Properties characterized in this study included mobile ion permeation and moisture ingress resistance, interfacial adhesion variation through thermal shock cycling and 85 degrees C/85 % RH aging, Surface Insulation Resistance (SIR), Triple Track Resistance (TTR) and die shear strength were used for the corresponding electrical and physical property characterizations. Parylene F displayed excellent properties for environmental protection, Silicone elastomers displayed less resistance to the harsh environment as compared to the Parylene family (N, C, D types), but it could provide advantages for low residual stress applications, The change in adhesion strength between Parylene C and silicone elastomers after exposure to thermal shock cycling or 85 degreesC/85 %RH aging for different time periods were conducted from die shear test in terms of the interfacial failure. SIR values of all the candidate materials after 1000 h exposure to 85 degrees C/85%RH, with 100 V de for resistance measurement, range from 1 x 10(8)-1 x 10(9)Omega. Leakage current values after 1000 h exposure to 85 degrees C/85 % RH, 175 V bias, are in the range of 10(-9) to 10(-11) Amp, The bi- or tri-layer conformal coating combination investigated in this study showed significant promise for encapsulation of the microelectromechanical system (MEMS) devices.; Evaluation and characterization of reliable non-hermetic conformal coatings for microelectromechanical system (MEMS) device encapsulation"
000165365900004	X	"The small evolutionarily conserved protein Dim1p/hDim1/Dib1p/DML-1 was initially defined as a factor essential for progression through the G2/M transition, and shown to be required to maintain the steady state level of a component of the fission yeast anaphase promoting complex/cyclosome. More recently, Dib1p has been defined as a component of the U4/U6 . U5 tri-snRNP, required for pre-mRNA splicing. To investigate the mechanism(s) of Dim1 function, reiterative two-hybrid screening was performed to identify interacting proteins. Proteins thus identified were solely those involved in pre-mRNA splicing or related functions, and one partner induced a striking synthetic phenotype when co-expressed with hDim1 in mammalian cells. Saturating alanine scanning mutagenesis of Dim1 allowed delineation of amino acids essential for its ability to interact with its defined partners: mapping these residues on the structural coordinates of hDim1 defined an interactive sector of the protein. Finally, depletion studies have recently shown that Dim1 function is essential for pre-mRNA splicing in yeast. We find that elimination of DML-1 expression in C. elegans by RNA interference leads to embryonal lethality during gastrulation, marked by a failure to correctly express early zygotic transcripts. These results parallel the arrest phenotypes associated with global disruption of zygotic gene expression, suggesting that Dim1 proteins maintain an essential function in gene expression in higher eukaryotes. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Evidence that Dim1 associates with proteins involved in pre-mRNA splicing, and delineation of residues essential for Dim1 interactions with hnRNP F and Npw38/PQBP-1"
000165547200006	X	"This paper presents a single wafer, all-silicon, high aspect-ratio multi-layer polysilicon micromachining technology that combines deep dry etching of silicon with conventional surface micromachining to realize tens to hundreds of microns thick, high aspect-ratio, electrically isolated polysilicon structures with sub-micron air-gaps. Vertical polysilicon sense electrodes as tall as the main body polysilicon structure can be realized in this technology. A 70-mum-tall, 2.5-mum-wide polysilicon vibrating ring gyroscope with 1.2 mum capacitive air-gaps and electrodes as tall as the ring structure has been fabricated using this technology. Vertical polysilicon beams that are 220 mum tall with a 100:1 aspect-ratio have been also fabricated. The all-silicon feature of such a technology improves long ten stability and temperature sensitivity, while fabrication of large area, vertical pick-off electrodes with sub-micron gap spacing will increase the sensitivity of MEMS devices by orders of magnitude. This technology is also capable of simultaneously producing electrically isolated 2-D (planar) and 3-D (vertical) polysilicon structures on the same silicon substrate. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; High aspect-ratio polysilicon micromachining technology"
000166445300031	X	"Compared with a conventional automatic transmission, which shifts among up to five gear ratios, a continuous variable transmission (CVT) uses the entire range of ratios between low and high gears. It achieves better fuel economy and drivability by constantly changing ratios to keep the engine running in its most efficient rpm range based on driver demands. In this paper, a fuzzy logic controller is designed to control the primary pressure of the CVT. The extended dynamic range of the CVT and its nonlinear character dictate a dual global-local approach to the problem. The operating envelope of the CVT is viewed in state space as consisting of a finite number of cells, where the application of a control input transitions the controlled system from one cell to the next. Invariant and switching trajectories are effected in this global sense via a fuzzy logic controller. Within a particular cell. the CVT dynamics may be approximated via linearized equations, and a linear control law may be designed to accomplish this task. The structure and parameters of the global fuzzy logic controller are designed via clustering techniques and through genetic algorithms (GA) to be optimized. Using the proposed method, the controller is robust against parameter variations, simple to implement, easy to augment, and well optimized. Also, by choosing initial values from a suitable Fuzzy model, the convergence time of the genetic algorithm is improved substantially.; Fuzzy logic ratio control for a CVT hydraulic module"
000166637700006	X	"The engineering of a functional blood vessel substitute has for a quarter of a century been a ""holy grail"" within the cardiovascular research community. Such a substitute must exhibit long term patency, and the critical issues in this area in many ways are influenced by biomechanics. One of the requirements is thar it must be non-thrombogenic, which requires an ""endothelial-like"" inner lining. It also must have mechanical strength, i.e. a burst pressure, sufficient to operate at arterial pressures. Ideally, however, it must be more than this. It also must have viscoelastic properties that march those of the native vessel being replaced. Finally, if it is to be able to adapt to changing blood flow conditions, it must exhibit vasoactivity, a function which in and of itself can be viewed as biomechanical in nature. To achieve this requires having, as part of the construct, vascular smooth muscle cells, which are contractile in nature and oriented in a circumferential direction. Only if an engineered blood vessel substitute possesses all of these functional characteristics, can one say that the functionality exhibited by a native vessel is being mimicked.; Tissue engineering a blood vessel substitute: The role of biomechanics"
000166799400002	X	"During the latter half of this century biomechanics has made an enormous impact on medicine and biology. As with virtually all of bioengineering, this started with applying existing knowledge of mechanics to problems in biology and medicine. In more recent years this has evolved to where there is a true integration between the engineering mechanics and the biology. This integration-has resulted in not only the application of mechanics to problems which could not even be envisioned 40 years ago, but also has resulted in the development of the field of mechanics itself. There are at least three biomedical areas where biomechanics has had a major impact. These are cardiovascular dynamics, orthopaedics, and injury biomechanics. In all three of these areas the focus has shifted from the macroscopic to the microscopic, i.e. to molecular and cellular biomechanics. A relatively recent emerging area is that of tissue engineering, i.e. the development of biological substitutes for implantation into the body. This field is truly at the interface of the traditional medical implant industry and the biotechnology industry. It offers the possibility of implants which will have greater patency. As we move in the 21(st) century, the human genome project will be virtually complete. In this post-genomic era one will move from the genome to the proteome and ultimately to the physiome. The information that will be associated with this will be extensive and to the point where proper interpretation will only be possible if adequate computational models of the dynamics of biological processes can be developed. These models need to extend all the way from the regulation of gene expression to the physiological function of tissues and organs. Finally, the development of the educational programs which truly integrate biology and engineering must be a priority if we are to have the manpower needed for the future. These are the opportunities and challenges for the 21(st) century, ones to which the biomechanics community can make important contributions.; Biomechanics and its impact on human life: From gene expression to organ physiology"
000166867900111	X	We develop a full numerical as well as an approximate analytic solution for two-step holographic recording with high intensity pulses in LiNbO(3):Fe crystals. We find the unknown material parameters by fitting the numerical solution to the experimental results. The two important parameters that were unknown so far and found in this work are the bulk photovoltaic coefficient and absorption cross section for the excitation of the electrons from small polarons in LiNbO(3) with infrared light. We show that the approximate analytic solution agrees very well with the numerical solution (as well as the experimental results) for most practical applications. We use the analytic solution to explain the experimental observations that were not understood before.; Theoretical analysis of two-step holographic recording with high-intensity pulses
000167729500039	X	"Microsystem packaging research is a burgeoning field focused on overcoming challenges associated with the commercialization of MEMS (Micra-Electro-Mechanical Systems) and other similar devices. Two pressing challenges are the reduction of package size and package cost, topics addressed by this research. To decrease package size a process is under development for the fabrication of high-aspect-ratio, through-wafer conductive vias. Combined with direct-chip-attach techniques, these vias allow for device-scale packaging of microsystems and are compatible with state of the art surface mount technology such as flip chip assembly. To minimize package cost a generic, wafer-level packaging architecture was devised based on reconfigurable silicon components. This approach allows a standard package to serve a wide variety of applications. It also decouples the packaging and device fabrication processes, letting modifications be made to either process independently. The same packaging scheme also permits a controlled exploration of the functional impact of non-hermetic microsystem encapsulation.; Generic, non-hermetic, direct-chip-attach packaging of microsystems."
000167729500083	X	"System-on-a-Package (SOP) is fast becoming a primary key towards the drive for integration of mixed technologies such as Rf, digital, analog, MEMS and optical at the electronic package level. A key enabler of this technology is a fully integrated substrate, called Single Level Integrated Module (SLIM), with very high wiring density and integrated passive and optoelectronic components. This paper presents an overview of the SLIM testbed integration process and test vehicles, with particular emphasis on ultra-fine resist lithography and microvia processing. This paper will focus on the issues, challenges and results for achieving very fine line and ultra fine line image formation on fiberglass reinforced epoxy substrates for next generation electronic packages. Four commercial photo-resist materials were evaluated for their imaging resolution. The exposure and development processes have been optimized and several related effects, which limit the fine line imaging, have been investigated. Line widths down to 7.5 mum have been achieved at the Packaging Research Center (PRC) on PWB substrates using low cost liquid photoresist and associated processes over a large area.; Ultra-fine photoresist image formation for next generation high-density PWB substrate"
000167740800097	X	"This research was initiated to develop a MEMS packaging strategy suitable for low cost manufacturing. The commercial implementation of many devices currently feasible only as prototypes should be facilitated by devising a generic package architecture. Such a package was designed by integrating advances in the fields of MEMS fabrication and microelectronics packaging. The package components can be configured in several ways and combined in a modular fashion. Such flexibility permits this one package architecture to serve the needs of a variety of MEMS applications. After device fabrication is complete, the package components are realized and assembled at the wafer level. Dicing then releases individual, fully packaged da ices. Conducting unit operations at the wafer level simplifies much of the packaging process flow by alleviating alignment, bonding and handling concerns. The resulting packages are fully compatible with high-throughput surface mount technology.; Modular, direct-chip-attach MEMS package: Architecture and processing."
000168536800011	X	"A combination of a ruthenium dye-sensitized TiO2 microporous solar cell, a PMMA gel electrolyte and a WO3 electrochromic film to produce a new all solid-state photoelectrochromic window is demonstrated here. The photoelectrochromic window has been excellent for chromism and memory characteristics. Even in the presence of radiation, the photoelectrochromic window can be bleached by application of an external voltage after the device has been darkened.; All solid-state photoelectrochromic window with PMMA gel electrolyte"
000168595000014	X	"The effectiveness of manufacturable gettering and passivation technologies is investigated for their ability to improve the quality of a promising Si photovoltaic. material. The results of this study indicate that a lifetime enhancement of 30 mus is attained when a backside screen-printed aluminum layer and a thin film of SiNx, applied by plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD), are simultaneously annealed at 850 degreesC in a lamp-heated belt furnace. Based on the results of this study, a model is proposed to describe the Al-enhanced SiNx induced hydrogen defect passivation in String Ribbon silicon due to the simultaneous anneal. According to this model, three factors play an important role: i) the release of hydrogen from the SiNx film into the substrate; ii) the retention of hydrogen at defect sites in silicon; and iii) the generation of vacancies at the Al-Si interface due to the alloying process which increases the incorporation of hydrogen and creates a chemical potential gradient which enhances the migration of hydrogen in the substrate. A PC1D device simulation indicates that: screen-printed cell efficiencies approaching 16% can be achieved if the gettering and passivation treatments examined in this study are employed, the substrate thickness is reduced, and a high-quality surface passivation scheme is applied.; Al-enhanced PECVD SiNx induced hydrogen passivation in string ribbon silicon"
000168831200239	X	"Application of a spin-coated poly(4-undecyl-2,2 ' -bithiophene) laver on dye sensitized TiO2 showed that it can act as an efficient charge mediator. Typical J-V values for flat TiO2 film devices are J(sc) = 60 muA/cm(2), and V-oc = 0.65 V, which is comparable to values obtained with liquid electrolytes in the same geometrical configuration. The polymer is also able to sensitize the TiO2 without a dye.; Poly(4-undecyl-2,2 '-bithiophene) as a hole conductor in solid state dye sensitized titanium dioxide solar cells"
000169041800001	X	"This paper presents the design, fabrication, and testing of an 80-mum-thick, 1.1 mm in diameter high aspect-ratio (20:1) polysilicon ring gyroscope (PRG). The vibrating ring gyroscope was fabricated through the high aspect-ratio combined poly and single-crystal silicon MEMS technology (HARPSS), This all-silicon single-wafer technology is capable of producing electrically isolated vertical electrodes as tall as the main body structure 50 to 100's (mum tall) with various size air-gaps ranging from submicron to tens of microns. A detailed analysis has been performed to determine the overall sensitivity of the vibrating ring gyroscope and identify its scaling limits. An open-loop sensitivity of 200 muV/deg/s in a dynamic range of +/- 250 deg/s was measured under low vacuum level for a prototype device tested in hybrid format. The resolution for a PRG with a quality factor (Q) of 1200, drive amplitude of 0.15 mum, and sense node parasitic capacitances of 2 pF was measured to be less than 1 deg/s in 1 Hz bandwidth, limited by the noise from the circuitry. Elimination of the parasitic capacitances and improvement in the quality factor of the ring structure are expected to reduce the resolution to 0.01 deg/s/(Hz)(0.5).; A HARPSS polysilicon vibrating ring gyroscope"
000169430500055	X	"The modeling of MEMS structures using MRTD is presented. Many complex RF structures have been inadequately studied due to limitations in simulation methods. The space and time adaptive grid, as well as the ability to handle intracell feature variations, makes MRTD an ideal method for modeling these structures. MRTD is shown to be able to handle the complex structures found in modern wireless and microwave communication systems efficiently and accurately. Specifically, micromachined structures such as MEMS are treated.; Modeling and design of RF MEMS structures using computationally efficient numerical techniques"
000170110900002	X	"Purple membrane (PM) monolayers were deposited on hydrophilic or hydrophobic silicon substrates through the Langmuir-Blodgett LB) technique. The photovoltaic features and interfacial charge separation of p-Si/PM/indium tin oxide (ITO) heterostructure were studied by surface photovoltage spectroscopy ASPS). The different photovoltaic response values were obtained due to the nonrandom orientation of PM in the LB films on the hydrophilic versus hydrophobic silicon substrates. The photovoltaic response value versus external potential of the p-Si/cytoplasmic-extracellular/ITO heterostructure showed an obviously rectifying behavior. Compared with the p-Si/ITO heterostructure, the response value of SPS increased more rapidly in the case of the positive external bias. (C) 2001 American Vacuum Society.; Photovoltaic characteristics of BR/p-silicon heterostructures using surface photovoltage spectroscopy"
000170305900001	X	"This work presents a method of finding near global optima to minimum-time trajectory generation problems for systems that would be linear if it were not for the presence of Coulomb friction. The required final state of the system is assumed to be maintainable by the system, and the input bounds are assumed to be large enough so that the role of maintaining zero acceleration during finite time intervals of zero velocity (the role of static friction) can always be assumed by the input. Other than the previous work for generating minimum-time trajectories for robotic manipulators for which the path in joint space is already specified, this work represents, to the best of our knowledge, the first approach for generating near global optima for minimum-time problems involving a non-linear class of dynamic systems. The reason the optima generated are near global optima instead of exactly global optima is due to a discrete-time approximation of the system (which is usually used anyway to simulate such a system numerically). The method closely resembles previous methods for generating minimum-time trajectories for linear systems, where the core operation is the solution of a Phase I linear programming problem. For the non-linear systems considered herein. the core operation is instead the solution of a mixed integer linear programming problem. Copyright (C) 2001 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.; Minimum-time control of systems with Coulomb friction: near global optima via mixed integer linear programming"
000170388600004	X	"Guidelines are presented which are designed to achieve planar solar cell efficiencies as high as 17.5% using existing fabrication technologies and silicon substrates with lifetimes as low as 20 mus. Device simulations are performed to elucidate the need and impact of base doping optimization for different back-surface passivation schemes, cell thicknesses, emitter profiles, and degrees of dopant-defect interaction. Results indicate that optimal resistivity is a function of back-surface passivation, with the aluminum back-surface field (BSF) requiting the highest resistivity, the oxide/nitride stack passivation excelling at an intermediate resistivity, and the ohmic contact needing the lowest resistivity. A comparison of simulated 300 and 100 mum cells shows that thinner cells magnify the differences in optimal resistivity for the three back-surface passivation schemes. A lifetime model is used to account for dopant-defect interaction that can lower bulk lifetime at higher doping levels. It is demonstrated that cell efficiency decreases and optimal resistivity increases at higher levels of dopant-defect interaction. Simulated devices with an optimized base doping showed an efficiency improvement of as much as 2% (absolute) compared with identical devices with a typical base doping level (1.6 or 1.8 Omega cm) and bulk lifetime of 20 mus. Copyright (C) 2001 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.; Bulk resistivity optimization for low-bulk-lifetime silicon solar cells"
000170695100008	X	"A novel scheme of synthesizing nonlinear feedback shift register structures that can be superimposed on the boundary of the component of a system under test to generate interconnect switching activities that resemble real life interconnect switching profiles is proposed. The goal is to perform at-speed interconnect test while simultaneously capturing the dynamic switching effects such as crosstalk and ground bounce, as accurately as possible during interconnect built-in self-test. A library of nonlinear feedback shift register structures called precharacterized test pattern generators (P-TPGs) is constructed. Components of P-TPGs can be modeled using Markov chain and can be interconnected together in specific ways to recreate the switching activity profile of the interconnections being tested. The unique advantage of this scheme is that there is no simulation overhead since P-TPG components are precharacterized by solving Markov equations analytically. An integrated genetic algorithm-based search and optimization technique for finding the best P-TPG component among various possible implementations and matching its activity profiles with those of the interconnections under test has been designed and implemented. P-TPG synthesis for testability allows generation of the worst case interconnect switching activities. Experimental results confirm the validity of our approach.; Switching activity generation with automated BIST synthesis for performance testing of interconnects"
000170775500010	X	"The development of a tissue-engineered blood vessel substitute has motivated much of the research in the area of cardiovascular tissue engineering over the past 20 years. Several methodologies have emerged for constructing blood vessel replacements with biological functionality. These include cell-seeded collagen gels, cell-seeded biodegradable synthetic polymer scaffolds, cell self-assembly, and acellular techniques. This review details the most recent developments, with a focus on core technologies and construct development. Specific examples are discussed to illustrate both the benefits and shortcomings of each methodology, as well as to underline common themes. Finally, a brief perspective on challenges for the future is presented.; Vascular tissue engineering"
000171136700111	X	"Electron energy loss spectroscopy is a well adapted tool for the investigation of the valence excitations of individual nanometer-size particles. The interpretation of the loss spectra of such small particles. however, relies in most cases on a quantitative comparison with simulated excitation probabilities. Here we present a formalism developed for the interpretation of the energy loss data of single-wall carbon nanotubes based on the hydrodynamic theory of plasmon excitations by high-energy electrons. The nanotubes are modeled as a two-dimensional electron gas confined on the circumference of a cylinder. The plasmon excitation probabilities. directly comparable to measurements, are discussed for various parameters.; Collective oscillations in a single-wall carbon nanotube excited by fast electrons"
000171358400003	X	"The development of bioreactors for tissue engineered heart valves would be aided by a thorough understanding of how mechanical forces impact cells within valve leaflets. The hypothesis of the present study is that flow may influence the biosynthetic activity of aortic valve leaflet cells. Porcine leaflets were exposed to one of several conditions for 48 h, including steady or pulsatile flow in a tubular flow system at 10 or 20 l/min, and steady shear stress in a parallel plate flow system at 1, 6, or 22 dyne/cm(2). Protein, glycosaminoglycan, and DNA synthesis increased during static incubation but remained at basal levels after exposure to flow. The modulation of synthetic activity was attributed to the presence of a shear stress on the leaflet surface, which may be transmitted to cells within the leaflet matrix through tensile forces. The alpha -smooth muscle (alpha-SM) actin distribution observed in fresh leaflets was proportionately decreased after exposure to antibiotics and not recovered by either static incubation or exposure to flow. These results indicate that exposure to flow maintains leaflet synthetic activity near normal levels, but that the inclusion of another force, such as bending or backpressure, may be necessary to preserve a-SM actin immunoreactive cells. (C) 2001 Biomedical Engineering Society.; Biosynthetic activity in heart valve leaflets in response to in vitro flow environments"
000171364000001	X	"Six different resistivities (0.32, 0.57, 1.2, 2.2, 9.1 and 20 Omega cm) were investigated to understand the dopant-defect interaction in n-type, antimony-doped, dendritic web silicon ribbon, and to study its response to gettering and passivation during belt furnace processing (BFP). The as-grown lifetime was found to be a strong function of resistivity with higher resistivity displaying higher lifetime. Phosphorus gettering at 925 degreesC/6 min raised the as-grown lifetime of similar to 1 mus in 20 Q cm n-web to 5.4 mus. A combination of phosphorus gettering followed by simultaneous Al gettering and SiN hydrogenation raised the 20 Q cm n-web lifetime to 78 mus. Unlike the as-grown web, the processed lifetime was greater than 75 mus for all resistivities, with no clear doping dependence. This is attributed to the very effective gettering and passivation during the belt furnace processing. Front surface field (FSF) n(+)m-n-p(+) cells were fabricated by spin-on phosphorus diffusion on the front and screen-printed Al on the back. A lifetime value of over 100 mus was obtained in a 14.2% screen-printed FSF n-web solar cell fabricated on 100-mum-thick 20 Q cut substrate. The screen-printed FSF cell fabricated on (111) FZ gave an efficiency of 14.9% with a fill factor of 77-61%. These results are supported by model calculations, which revealed a maximum efficiency of similar to 15% for 100-mum-thick planar screen-printed FSF cells and their insensitivity to bulk lifetime above 60 ps. Copyright (C) 2001 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.; Belt furnace gettering and passivation of n-web silicon for high-efficiency screen-printed front-surface-field solar cells"
000171431800006	X	"In this study, we formulate a contaminant source characterization problem as a nonlinear optimization model, in which contaminant source locations and release histories are defined as explicit unknown variables. The optimization model selected is the standard model, in which the residuals between the simulated and measured contaminant concentrations at observation sites are minimized. In the proposed formulation, simulated concentrations at the observation locations are implicitly embedded into the optimization model through the solution of ground-water flow and contaminant fate and transport simulation models. It is well known that repeated solutions of these models, which is a necessary component of the optimization process, dominate the computational cost and adversely affect the efficiency of this approach. To simplify this computationally intensive process, a new combinatorial approach, identified as the progressive genetic algorithm, is proposed for the solution of the nonlinear optimization model. Numerical experiments show that the proposed approach provides a robust tool for the solution of ground-water contaminant source identification problems.; Identification of contaminant source location and release history in aquifers"
000171592900071	X	"A simple porous silicon texturing technique that is applicable to various kinds of silicon material, including multicrystalline and ribbon Si, of any doping type and level is used to fabricate solar cells. Acidic etching of Si leads to a homogeneous porous silicon (PS) surface layer with reflectance as low as 9 %. Phosphorus diffusion and thermal oxidation are shown to produce very low emitter saturation current density, 128 fA/cm(2), which is only slightly higher than values obtained on planar surfaces, but still capable of giving open-circuit voltages in excess of 650 mV. The dopant oxide solid source (DOSS) solar cell process with its simultaneous formation of phosphorus emitter and insitu surface oxide leads to an excellent surface passivation, while maintaining low reflectance on PS-textured wafers. The fabricated solar cells show efficiencies of up to 14.9% using the PS layer as an anti-reflection coating (ARC) and surface passivation. This is the highest reported value with this kind of texturing and without any additional ARC. The simplicity of the process makes it a very promising technology and easily transferable into industrial production.; Novel processing of solar cells with porous silicon texturing"
000171592900089	X	"A maskless plasma texturing technique using Reactive Ion Etching for silicon solar cells results in a very low reflectance of 5.4 % before, and 3.9 % after SiN deposition. A detailed study of surface recombination and emitter properties was made, then solar cells were fabricated using the DOSS solar cell process. Different plasma-damage removal treatments are tested to optimize low lifetime solar cell efficiencies. Highest efficiencies are observed for little or no plasma-damage removal etching on mo-Si. Increased J(sc) due to the RIE texture proved superior to a single layer anti-reflection coating. This indicates that RIE texturing is a promising texturing technique, especially applicable on lower lifetime (multicrystalline) silicon. The use of non-toxic, non-corrosive SF6 makes this process attractive for mass production.; Development of RIE-textured silicon solar cells"
000171592900386	X	"The Georgia Tech Aquatic Center photovoltaic (PV) array, one of the world's largest roof-mounted PV arrays, has been in operation since June 1996. This paper describes the system performance during the first four years of operation. The performance is compared to the simulation results, and the modeling and forecasting accuracy improved as a result. The system failure mechanisms are identified and reliability indices, such as mean time between failures, are calculated. The overall system performance is good, and experience in operation and maintenance useful in both modeling and forecasting of the performance of PV systems of similar size.; Four-year performance assessment of the 342 kW PV system at Georgia Tech"
000172372502809	X	Rate of endothelial cell migration and proliferation on a tissue engineering model of the blood vessel
000172594100003	X	"Collagen nanofibers were generated at ambient temperature and pressure by electrospinning a 1 wt% solution of type 1 collagen and polyethylene oxide. Products were imaged with high-resolution scanning electron microscopy (HRSEM) at medium (similar to 30,000 x) and high magnifications (similar to 100,000 x) and with transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The capacity to produce collagen nanofibers may lead to the generation of extracellular matrix-based fabrics with applications in the fields of wound healing and tissue engineering.; High-resolution analysis of engineered type I collagen nanofibers by electron microscopy"
000172714200011	X	"Next-generation combustors must maintain combustion efficiency while considerably reducing emissions, such as CO, NOx, and unburned hydrocarbons. A viable methodology is to enhance the fuel-air mixing process so that the initial dense spray regime is minimized and the subsequent mixing between the vaporized fuel and air is maximized. Current investigations of mixing methods using microelectromechanical systems (MEMS)-based microjet injectors have demonstrated a possible active control technique for rapidly increasing the mixing process. However, detailed understanding of the coupling between the MEMS device and the fuel injector is not yet available. Here, a Lattice Boltzmann Equation method (which is computationally much more efficient than the conventional finite-volume approach) is employed to simulate the flow both inside and outside a synthetic jet actuator. The effects of varying the forcing amplitude and frequencies and different configurations of the synthetic actuators are examined in order to evaluate sensitivity of the actuation to design parameters. Subsequently, the synthetic jets are integrated within a typical fuel injector, and the efficiency of the microactuation on fuel-air mixing is addressed. It is shown that synthetic microjets embedded inside the fuel injector can provide a mechanism for significantly enhancing fuel-air mixing. Implications for practical applications are also discussed.; Fuel-air mixing enhancement by synthetic microjets"
000172738500031	X	"Articular cartilage responds to its mechanical environment through altered cell metabolism and matrix synthesis. In this study, isolated articular chondrocytes were cultured in collagen type I gels and exposed to uniaxial static compression of 0%, 25%, or 50% of original thickness for 0.5, 4, and 24 h, and to oscillatory (25 +/-4%, 1 Hz) compression for 24 h. The cellular response was assessed through competitive and real-time RT-PCR to quantify expression of genes for collagen type I, collagen type II, and aggrecan core protein, and through radiolabelled proline and sulfate incorporation to quantify protein and proteoglycan synthesis rates. Static compression for 24h inhibited expression of collagen I and II mRNAs and inhibited (3) H-proline and S-35-sulfate incorporation. The mRNA expression exhibited transient fluctuations at intermediate time points. Oscillatory compression had no effect upon mRNA expression, and 24 h after release from static compression, there was no difference in collagen II or aggrecan mRNA, while there was an inhibition of collagen I. We conclude that the chondrocytes maintained some aspects of their ability to sense and respond to static compression. despite a biochemical and mechanical environment which is different from that in tissue, This suggests that mechanical stimuli may be useful in modulating chondrocyte metabolism in tissue engineering systems using fibrillar protein scaffolds. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.; Mechanical compression alters gene expression and extracellular matrix synthesis by chondrocytes cultured in collagen I gels"
000172760500001	X	"Tissue engineering offers the opportunity to develop vascular substitutes that mimic the responsive nature of native arteries. A good blood vessel substitute should be able to remodel its matrix in response to mechanical stimulation, as imposed by the hemodynamic environment. We have developed a novel method of studying the influence of mechanical strain on the remodeling of cell-seeded collagen gel blood vessel analogs. We assessed the remodeling capacity by examining the effect of mechanical conditioning upon the expression of enzymes which remodel the extracellular matrix, called matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs), and upon the mechanical properties of the constructs. We found that subjecting collagen constructs to a 10% cyclic radial distention, over a course of 4 days, resulted in an overall increase in the production of MMP-2. Cyclic mechanical strain also stimulated enzymatic activation of latent MMP-2. We found that cyclic strain also significantly increased the mechanical strength and material modulus, as indicated by an increase in circumferential tensile properties of the constructs. These observations suggested that MMP-2-dependent remodeling affects the material properties of vascular tissue analogs. To further investigate this possible connection we examined the effects of dynamic conditioning in the presence of two nonspecific inhibitors of MMP activity. Interestingly, we found that nonspecific inhibition of MMP ablated the benefits of mechanical conditioning upon mechanical properties. Our observations suggest that a better understanding of the complex relation between mechanical stimulation and construct remodeling is key for the proper design of tissue-engineered blood vessel substitutes. (C) 2001 Biomedical Engineering Society.; The role of matrix metalloproteinase-2 in the remodeling of cell-seeded vascular constructs subjected to cyclic strain"
000172903100010	X	"The implantation of laboratory-grown tissue offers a valuable alternative approach to the treatment of cartilage defects. Procuring sufficient cell numbers for such tissue-engineered cartilage is a major problem since amplification of chondrocytes in culture typically leads to loss of normal cell phenotype yielding cartilage of inferior quality. In an effort to overcome this problem, we endeavored to regain the differentiated phenotype of chondrocytes after extensive proliferation in monolayer culture by modulating cell morphology and oxygen tension towards the in vivo state. Passaged cells were encapsulated in alginate hydrogel in an effort to regain the more rounded shape characteristic of differentiated chondrocytes. These cultures were exposed to reduced (5%-i.e., physiological), or control (20%) oxygen tensions. Both alginate encapsulation and reduced oxygen tension significantly upregulated collagen II and aggrecan core protein expression (differentiation markers). In fact, after 4 weeks in alginate at 5% oxygen, differentiated gene expression was comparable to primary chondrocytes. Collagen I expression (dedifferentiation marker) decreased dramatically after alginate entrapment, while reduced oxygen tension had no effect. It is concluded that alginate encapsulation and reduced oxygen tension help restore key differentiated phenotypic markers of passaged chondrocytes. These findings have important implications for cartilage tissue engineering, since they enable the increase in differentiated cell numbers needed for the in vitro development of functional cartilaginous tissue suitable for implantation.; Effect of oxygen tension and alginate encapsulation on restoration of the differentiated phenotype of passaged chondrocytes"
000172987800003	X	"Type I collagen-PEO fibers and non-woven fiber networks were produced by the electrospinning of a weak acid solution of purified collagen at ambient temperature and pressure. As determined by high-resolution SEM and TEM, fiber morphology was influenced by solution viscosity, conductivity, and flow rate. Uniform fibers with a diameter range of 100-150 nm were produced from a 2-wt% solution of collagen-PEO at a flow rate of 100 mul min(-1). Ultimate tensile strength and elastic modulus of the resulting non-woven fabrics was dependent upon the chosen weight ratio of the collagen-PEO blend. H-1 NMR dipolar magnetization transfer analysis suggested that the superior mechanical properties, observed for collagen-PEO blends of weight ratio 1 : 1, were due to the maximization of intermolecular interactions between the PEO and collagen components. The process outlined herein provides a convenient, non-toxic, non-denaturing approach for the generation collagen-containing nanofibers and non-woven fabrics that have potential application in wound healing, tissue engineering, and as hemostatic agents.; Engineered collagen-PEO nanofibers and fabrics"
000173363700013	X	"A pressing challenge to the commercial implementation of prototype microsystems is the reduction of package size and cost. To decrease package size, a process was developed for the fabrication of high-aspect-ratio, through-wafer interconnect structures. These interconnects permit device-scale packaging of microsystems and are compatible with modern surface mount technology such as flip chip assembly. To minimize package cost, a modular wafer-level silicon packaging architecture was devised. Low temperature bonding methods were used to join package components, permitting integration of driving circuitry on the microsystem die. The reconfigurable architecture allows standard package components to serve a wide variety of applications.; Modular, device-scale, direct-chip-attach packaging for microsystems"
000173393800014	X	"In order to facilitate research on a variety of new materials, device structures, and microelectromechanical systems, the Microelectronics Research Center of Georgia Tech has established silicon CMOS processing baselines. Together with a rigorous equipment and process training procedure, a research collaboration and service protocol, and a group of dedicated people, a research Platform has been formed based on the silicon CMOS processing baselines. The Platform provides a rigorous equipment and process training program for new cleanroom users, a quarterly CMOS processing run to meet the need of CMOS related research projects, and process module services as needed for general research communities. The Platform also collaborates with a variety of groups to perform cutting-edge research such as novel CMOS devices, novel MEMS structures, electronics for MEMS, chemical sensor array, integrated optoelectronics, DNA chip array, new interconnection schemes, and sea of leads chip input/output interconnects. This paper will describe the five basic components and their integration into the Platform.; CMOS as a research platform"
000173578400010	X	"In this paper we study a Monte Carlo simulation based approach to stochastic discrete optimization problems. The basic idea of such methods is that a random sample is generated and the expected value function is approximated by the corresponding sample average function. The obtained sample average optimization problem is solved, and the procedure is repeated several times until a stopping criterion is satisfied. We discuss convergence rates, stopping rules, and computational complexity of this procedure and present a numerical example for the stochastic knapsack problem.; The sample average approximation method for stochastic discrete optimization"
000173969100016	X	"Background: The SCF ubiquitin-ligase complex targets the ubiquitin-mediated degradation of proteins in multiple dynamic cellular processes. A key SCF component is the Skp1 protein that functions within the complex to link the substrate-recognition subunit to a cullin that in turn binds the ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme. In contrast to yeast and humans, Caenorhabditis elegans contains multiple expressed Skp1-related (skr) genes. Results: The 21 Skp1-related (skr) genes in C. elegans form one phylogenetic clade, suggesting that a single ancestral Skp1 gene underwent independent expansion in C. elegans. The cellular and developmental functions of the 21 C. elegans skr genes were probed by dsRNA-mediated gene inactivation (RNAi). The RNAi phenotypes of the skr genes fall into two classes. First, the highly similar skr-7, -8, -9, and -10 genes are required for posterior body morphogenesis, embryonic and larval development, and cell proliferation. Second, the related skr-1 and -2 genes are required for the restraint of cell proliferation, progression through the pachytene stage of meiosis, and the formation of bivalent chromosomes at diakinesis. CUL-1 was found to interact with SKR-1, -2, -3, -7, -8, and -10 in the yeast two-hybrid system. Interestingly, SKR-3 could interact with both CUL-1 and its close paralog CUL-6. Conclusions: Members of the expanded skr gene family in C. elegans perform critical functions in regulating cell proliferation, meiosis, and morphogenesis. The finding that multiple SKRs are able to bind cullins suggests an extensive set of combinatorial SCF complexes.; The Caenorhabditis elegans Skp1-related gene family: Diverse functions in cell proliferation, morphogenesis, and meiosis"
000174798700008	X	"The ""pull-in"" or ""snap-down"" instability in electrostatically actuated microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) presents a ubiquitous challenge in MEMS technology of great importance. In this instability, when applied voltages are increased beyond a critical value, there is no longer a steady-state configuration of the device where mechanical members remain separate. This severely restricts the range of stable operation of many devices. In an attempt to reduce the effects of this instability, researchers have suggested spatially tailoring the dielectric properties of MEMS devices. Here, a mathematical model of an idealized electrostatically actuated MEMS device is constructed and analyzed for the purpose of investigating this possibility. The pull-in instability is characterized in terms of the bifurcation diagram for the mathematical model. Variations in this bifurcation diagram for various dielectric profiles are studied, yielding insight into flow this technique may be used to increase the stable range of operation of electrostatically actuated MEMS devices.; Mathematical modeling of electrostatic MEMS with tailored dielectric properties"
000174979600005	X	"We present a best-first heuristic search approach for determining an optimal policy for a stochastic shortest path problem. A vehicle is to travel from an origin, starting at time to, to a destination, where once the destination is reached a terminal cost is accrued. The terminal cost depends on the time of arrival. Travel time along each arc in the network is modeled as a random variable with a distribution dependent on the time that travel along the arc is begun. The objective is to determine a routing policy that minimizes expected total cost. A routing policy is a rule that assigns the next arc to traverse, given the current node and time. The heuristic search algorithm that we specialize to this stochastic problem is AO*. We demonstrate the significant computational advantages of AO*, relative to dynamic programming, on the basis of run time and storage, using a 131-intersection network of the major roads in Cleveland, Ohio. Further computational experience is based on grid networks that were randomly generated to have characteristics similar to transportation networks, and on randomly generated unstructured networks.; A heuristic search approach for a nonstationary stochastic shortest path problem with terminal cost"
000175125500468	X	"This paper introduces a novel full wave technique for modeling MEMS tunable capacitors that is based on the coupling of physical motion of the MEMS device with Maxwell's equations through the modification of the MRTD/FDTD techniques. The difficulties of modeling MEMS devices are discussed, and ways to compensate for several of these are presented. The proposed approach is validated through comparison of simulation results to measurement for an interdigitated capacitor.; A novel adaptive approach to Modeling MEMS tunable capacitors using MRTD and FDTD techniques"
000175336600017	X	"Fixture design is a critical step in machining. An important aspect of fixture design is the optimization of the fixture, the primary objective being the minimization of workpiece deflection by suitably varying the layout of fixture elements and the clamping forces. Previous methods for fixture design optimization have treated fixture layout and clamping force optimization independently and/or used nonlinear programming methods that yield sub-optimal solutions. This paper deals with application of the genetic algorithm (GA) for fixture layout and clamping force optimization for a compliant workpiece. An iterative algorithm that minimizes the work-piece elastic deformation for the entire cutting process by alternatively varying the fixture layout and clamping force is proposed. It is shown via on example of milling fixture design that this algorithm yields a design that is superior to the result obtained from either fixture layout or clamping force optimization alone.; Iterative fixture layout and clamping force optimization using the genetic algorithm"
000175544200006	X	"Chicken anemia virus (CAV) and infectious bursal disease virus (IBDV) are the two most important viruses that cause immunosuppression in commercial chickens. Because inapparent, subclinical infections by these viruses cause immunosuppression, there is need for assessment of the immune status of chickens. Interference with induction of transcription for chicken interferon-alpha (ChIFN-alpha) and ChIFN-gamma was noted after sub-clinical infections with either CAV or IBDV. Because the immunosuppressive viruses of chickens may interfere with transcription for ChIFN-alpha and ChIFN-gamma, we propose using this interference to assess the immune status of chickens.; Chicken anemia virus and infectious bursal disease virus interfere with transcription of chicken IFN-alpha and IFN-gamma mRNA"
000175947600004	X	"We consider the problem of choosing the number and type of machines for each station in a new production line where the sequence of processes (i.e., manufacturing recipe) has already been established. We formulate a model to minimize cost (investment plus operating) subject to constraints on throughput and cycle time. Using queueing network approximations within a dynamic programming framework, we develop a line design algorithm that works in station-wise fashion. For computational tractability, we must discretize a continuous state space. However, we are able to compute bounds on the error in the cost function as a guide to the appropriate choice of grid size. We conclude by applying our algorithm to an industrial problem that motivated this work.; Optimal design of stochastic production lines: a dynamic programming approach"
000175956100007	X	"We report on the use of poly(3-undecyl-2,2'-bithiophene) and three different types of TiO2 film layers to determine the dependence of photovoltaic performance on the morphology of the TiO2 films. It was observed that the TiO2 film morphology plays an important role in the performance of photovoltaic solar cells with polythiophene used as both sensitizer and hole conductor. The polymer was tested on a flat TiO2 layer made from a sol-gel process, a larger surface area TiO2 layer derived from an aqueous TiF4 solution, and a nanocrystalline thin TiO2 film. We observe over twice the improvement in short circuit current density in the nanocrystalline cells (j(sc) = 233.6 muA cm(-2)) over that of the flat titania cells (89.8 muA cm(-2)). The best photocurrent density (448 muA cm(-2)) performance was from the TiF4 derived titania based cells when using the polymer, It was noted that soaking the nanocrystalline and TiF4 cells in the polymer for at least 24 h improves their overall performance, while no noticeable improvement is evident for the flat sol-gel derived cells. We explain our results by proposing that pore filling is likely to be easier in the TiF4 derived TiO2 due to larger pore sizes. Multiple reflections of light may also play an important role in the TiF4 titania films by enhancing the amount of light absorbed by the polymer. These observations suggest that the relative size of the sensitizer molecule and the pores of nanocrystalline films may be a critical factor to consider in designing photovoltaic devices such as solar cells based on nanoporous materials. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Characterization of nanocrystalline and thin film TiO2 solar cells with poly(3-undecyl-2,2 '-bithiophene) as a sensitizer and hold conductor"
000176123400013	X	"A multi-layer plastic packaging technology has been developed for microfluidic systems containing electrical and mechanical functionality. Hot embossing and heat staking of plastics, micro stenciling of electrodes, and stereolithography (SLA) was combined with conventional MEMS fabrication techniques to realize the system. The approach allows for multiple materials of fabrication, provides a solution to integration of electrical functionality throughout the system, and provides an interconnect technology for interfacing fluids and electrical components between the macro and the micro worlds.; A multi-layer plastic packaging technology for miniaturized bio analysis systems containing integrated electrical and mechanical functionality"
000176123400101	X	"Single cell characterization using electrical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) has been conducted on bovine chromaffin cells. Measurements were taken using a micro scale electrophysiological analysis system fabricated using micromachining (e.g. MEMS) technologies. A population of chromaffin cells were injected into a microreservoir and subsequently manipulated into a microchannel with a cross-sectional area of 7.0 x 7.0 mum(2). The microchannel was designed with integrated, opposing electroplated palladium electrodes with a cross-sectional area of 7.0 x 7.0 mum(2). The electrodes are designed to be in contact with the cells during analysis procedures. Impedance measurements were taken over a frequency range of 40 Hz to 3.0 MHz. Magnitude and phase were studied for a statistically relevant population of chromaffin cells. The impedance spectrums revealed three distinct populations of chromaffin cells. The data obtained for the chromaffin cells was compared to data obtained for red blood cells, air, and phosphate buffered solution.; Micro electrical impedance Spectroscopy of bovine chromaffin cells"
000176141400012	X	"Multipotential stem cells are an attractive choice for cell therapy after traumatic brain injury (TBI), as replacement of multiple cell types may be required for functional recovery. In the present study, neural stem cells (NSCs) derived from the germinal zone of E14.5 GFP-expressing mouse brains were cultured as neurospheres in FGF2-enhanced medium. When FGF2 was removed in vitro, NSCs expressed phenotypic markers for neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes and exhibited migratory behavior in the presence of adsorbed fibronectin (FN). NSCs (10(5) cells) were transplanted into mouse brains 1 week after a unilateral, controlled, cortical contusion (depth = 1 mm, velocity = 6 m/s, duration = 150 ms) (it = 19). NSCs were injected either directly into the injury cavity with or without an injectable FN-based scaffold [collagen I (CnI)/ FN gel; n = 14] or into the striatum below the injury cavity (n = 5). At all time points examined (1 week to 3 months posttransplant), GFP+ cells were confined to the ipsilateral host brain tissue. At 1 week, cells injected into the injury cavity lined the injury penumbra while cells inserted directly into the striatum remained in or around the needle track. Striatal transplants had a lower number of surviving GFP+ cells relative to cavity injections at the 1 week time point (p < 0.01). At the longer survival times (3 weeks-3 months), 63-76% of transplanted cells migrated into the fimbria hippocampus regardless of injection site, perhaps due to cues from the degenerating hippocampus. Furthermore, cells injected into the cavity within a FN-containing matrix showed increased survival and migration at 3 weeks (p < 0.05 for both) relative to injections of cells alone. These results suggest that FGF2-responsive NSCs present a promising approach for cellular therapy following trauma and that the transplant location and environment may play an important role in graft survival and integration.; Fibronectin promotes survival and migration of primary neural stem cells transplanted into the traumatically injured mouse brain"
000176244600014	X	"In this study, a series of new low stress epoxies was introduced as conformal encapsulants, which show a high promise to meet all the requirements for the protection of the pressure sensor system. Mechanical properties such as initial Young's modulus, toughness and ultimate tensile stress were evaluated. The more critical issue of material's contamination resistance to the jet fuel was improved. And the mechanism behind materials low stress and toughness behaviors was investigated from the viewpoint of microstructure.; Development of new low stress epoxies for MEMS device encapsulation"
000176345400006	X	"A methodology for the rapid fabrication of an injection molding tool, a micromold, for microfluidic components and systems applications is presented. The resulting micromold tooling was utilized to create microfluidic channels in rigid and flexible polymer substrates with depths of approximately 27 mum. While not explored in this paper, the process can theoretically be altered to form channels of varying depths ranging from a few micrometers to approximately 1000 mum. In-plane component dimensions can be varied from approximately 50 pm to cm in width. The tool was made using a photosensitive epoxy (SU-8(TM)) material defined using photolithography on the surface of a rigid substrate. Designs containing complex two-dimensional microchannel/chamber shapes and intersections are achievable using the process. Two polymers were successfully used for injection molding the channels, rigid polycarbonate (Lexan) and flexible polypropylene materials. Plastic replicates of the SU-8(TM) tool were made with the described process. Fabrication time of the tool was approximately 30 min and it survived 22 shots for polypropylene and 8 shots for polycarbonate without failure. Some deformities of the resulting microchannels were observed and were more pronounced in the PP channels. Channel height was increased by 2-3 mum for both plastic parts due to a ridge that was formed during the release stage of the process. The channel width decreased from the SU-8(TM) master by approximately 7.9% maximum for polypropylene and 1.9% maximum for polycarbonate.; Rapid micromold tooling for injection molding microfluidic components"
000176454300005	X	"In current practice, the planning volume for adjuvant brachytherapy treatment for soft-tissue sarcoma is either not determined a priori (in this case, seed locations are selected based on isodose curves conforming to a visual estimate of the planning volume), or it is derived via a tedious manual process. In either case, the process is subjective and time consuming, and is highly dependent on the human planner. The focus of the work described herein involves the development of an automated contouring algorithm to outline the planning volume. Such an automatic procedure will save time and provide a consistent and objective method for determining planning volumes. In addition, a definitive representation of the planning volume will allow for sophisticated brachytherapy treatment planning approaches to be applied when designing treatment plans, so as to maximize local tumour control and minimize normal tissue complications. An automated tumour volume contouring algorithm is developed utilizing computational geometry and numerical interpolation techniques in conjunction with an artificial intelligence method. The target volume is defined to be the slab of tissue r cm perpendicularly away from the curvilinear plane defined by the mesh of catheters. We assume that if adjacent catheters are over 2r cm apart, the tissue between the two catheters is part of the tumour bed. Input data consist of the digitized coordinates of the catheter positions in each of several cross-sectional slices of the tumour bed, and the estimated distance r from the catheters to the tumour surface. Mathematically, one can view the planning volume as the volume enclosed within a minimal smoothly-connected surface which contains a set of circles, each circle centred at a given catheter position in a given cross-sectional slice. The algorithm performs local interpolation on consecutive triplets of circles. The effectiveness of the algorithm is evaluated based on its performance on a collection of soft-tissue sarcoma tumour beds within various anatomical structures. For each of 15 patient cases considered, the algorithm takes approximately 2 min to generate the planning volume. Although the tumour shapes are rather different, the algorithm consistently generates planning volumes that visually demonstrate smooth curves compactly encapsulating the circles. This general-purpose contouring algorithm works well whether the catheters are all close together, spread far apart in the plane or arranged in a convoluted way. The automatic contouring algorithm significantly reduces labour time and provides a consistent and objective method for determining planning volumes for soft-tissue sarcoma. Further Studies are needed to validate the significance of the resulting planning volumes in designing treatment plans and the role that sophisticated brachytherapy treatment planning optimization may have in producing good plans.; Automated planning volume definition in soft-tissue sarcoma adjuvant brachytherapy"
000176683800036	X	"Micro-Electro-Mechanical-Systems (MEMS) are integrated systems combining electrical and mechanical components, which are fabricated using integrated circuit (IC) batch processing techniques. They are an enabling technology that already drives the end product markets in excess of $100 billion. Their applications include pressure, chemical, flow and accelerometer sensors, micro-optics, optical scanners, and fluid pumps. The influence of MEMS is made possible through their benefits in functionality, size, and reliability. In spite of these remarkable and promising achievements in the field of microsystem fabrication, the commercialization of proven devices are lagged far behind expectations, considerably due to high packaging cost, improper packaging design solution and high testing cost. This paper is focused on suggesting and demonstrating a promising generic, modular, Direct-Chip-Attach (DCA), low cost and high reliable MEMS packaging design strategy and solution applying with high aspect ratio Through-Wafer Electrical Interconnect (TWEI). Primary MEMS packaging requirements are mechanical protection, thermal management, and distribution of electricity and signal. In modem electronic packaging, high density Input and Output (I/O), small footprint, small size and wafer-level packaging are also key functional requirements. Additionally, there is a trend for vertical interconnection such as Multichip Module (MCM) for space efficiency. The generic or modular packaging design strategy can dramatically reduce packaging cost and enhance device system reliability. By defining component functionality and interchanging packaging component materials, MEMS designers can significantly lower costs and predict devices reliability at the earlier design cycles. From these functional packaging considerations, a generic, direct-chip-attach packaging design is developed and composed of four distinct components - a substrate, a cap, a bond region and a through-wafer electrical interconnect (TWEI). The substrate and cap can support and protect MEMS devices from the harsh environment. Near-hermetic bond region connects the substrate and cap, and also controls internal environment present in the enclosure formed by the bonded cap and substrate.. TWEI is for electrical interconnection for signal and power transfer from the macroscopic world, which is currently required for most of devices.; Generic, direct-chip-attach MEMS packaging design with high density and aspect ratio through-wafer electrical interconnect"
000176683800101	X	"The Packaging Research Center (PRC) is developing System-on-a-Package (SOP) technology, as a complimentary alternative to SOC, as the fundamental building block for next generation convergent systems with computing, telecom and consumer capabilities with data and voice. Any systems of this nature have to provide not only high-speed digital, but also high bandwidth optical, analog, RF and perhaps MEMS functions. The SOP technology being pursued at PRC with embedded digital, optical and RF functions addresses this need, optimizing the IC and the package for functions, performance, cost, size and reliability. The PRC is developing this complimentary alternative to SOC using a three tier strategy consisting of fundamental research innovations, enabling technology developments and system-level testbeds. Individual digital, optical and RF testbeds have been developed to enable the integration of novel packaging technologies like embedded passive and optical components, high density global interconnections and wafer level flip-chip assembly. A phased system testbed is being evolved from these three testbeds to develop new SOP convergent system platforms for a digital/optical/RF system implementation. This paper summarizes the latest PRC accomplishments in the development of SOP baseline processes and system testbeds and updates the progress from basic research and technology integration to system testbeds for SOP.; Digital and RF integration in System-on-a-Package (SOP)"
000176815100061	X	"Electrostatic actuators based on microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) have many attractive features for use as variable capacitors in high-frequency applications. The devices consist of two electrodes, one fixed and the other movable. In this study, a curved, cantilever beam was used as the movable electrode. A novel process has been developed for fabricating an all-gold, curved beam. The cantilever beams were curved due to an intrinsic stress gradient in the metal. Electroplating and conventional lithography were used to metallize the cantilever beam electrodes. The internal stress gradient in the gold was obtained by changing the electroplating conditions during fabrication. Stiction during release and operation of the variable capacitors was alleviated by treating the gold with an alkane thiol self-assembled monolayer. The intrinsic stress gradient and the stress-induced bending moment were calculated using a generalized model for the stress gradient in the films. Compared to bimetallic, cantilever beams, the curvature of the all-gold beam was found to be independent of temperature. This implies that the operation of the single-metal variable capacitor will be more reproducible and stable with temperature than a comparable bimetallic device. (C) 2002 The Electrochemical Society.; Electrostatic actuators with intrinsic stress gradient - I. Materials and structures"
000177114700012	X	"Al-enhanced SiNx-induced hydrogenation is implemented to improve the minority carrier lifetime in String Ribbon Si. Rapid cooling after the hydrogenation anneal is found to increase the spatially averaged relative lifetime enhancement by over 160% for String Ribbon Si samples with a spatially averaged as-grown lifetime of 2.9 mus. Partial coverage of back surface by Al eliminates wafer bowing in 100 mum thick substrates, but reduces the spatially averaged lifetime enhancement to below 100% because vacancy generation at the back surface is decreased. Rapid thermal firing (RTF) of screen-printed contacts, with high heating and cooling rates, is found to improve String Ribbon solar cell efficiency by an average of 1.2% absolute over lamp heated belt furnace contact firing. Light beam-induced current (LBIC) mapping and light biased or differential internal quantum efficiency (IQE) analysis show that the enhancement in cell performance is primarily due to an improved effective diffusion length and diffusion length uniformity, which are both a result of the improved retention of hydrogen at defects achieved during rapid cooling after contact firing. Screen-printed String Ribbon cells with independently confirmed efficiencies as high as 14.7% are achieved through an understanding and implementation of hydrogen passivation of defects.; Improved String Ribbon silicon solar cell performance by rapid thermal firing of screen-printed contacts"
000177134500072	X	Consideration of mechanical factors
000177134500085	X	Interconnections between inflammatory and immune responses in tissue engineering
000177772200002	X	"Tissue engineering biological substitutes for clinical applications necessitates the development of three core technologies, namely cell technology, construct technology, and technologies for in vivo integration. The core technologies pertinent to developing a bioartificial pancreatic substitute depend strongly on the type of cells used. These can be pancreatic islets, genetically engineered beta cells that proliferate in culture, and non-beta cells genetically engineered to secrete insulin in a glucose-responsive fashion. In our laboratory, we focus on beta insulinoma lines for use as allotransplants, and on potentially autologous non-beta cells genetically engineered for transcriptional control of insulin biosynthesis. We designed a system of betaTC3 mouse insulinomas encapsulated in calcium alginate/poly-L-lysine beads using diffusion/reaction models with experimentally measured parameter values. Its secretory response was characterized with a microperfusion apparatus, and its longer-term function with a perfusion bioreactor, which was NMR-compatible, thus allowing imaging and spectroscopic studies to be performed. Results show that the entrapped insulinomas constitute a dynamic construct, which, however, stabilize, at a metabolic and secretory plateau determined by the available oxygen in the surrounding milieu. Our on-going studies involve transcriptionally controlled recombinant non-beta cells, where the focus is on evaluating the dynamics of secretion and improving those by implementing genetic engineering and biomaterials approaches, and extending the NMR studies to in vivo systems, where the focus is on monitoring construct integration.; Core technologies in tissue engineering and their application to the bioartificial pancreas"
000177995300009	X	"The high aspect-ratio combined poly- and single-crystal silicon micromachining technology (HARPSS) and its application to fabrication of precision MEMS inertial sensors are presented. HARPSS is a single wafer, all silicon, front-side release process which is capable of producing 10-100's of microns thick, electrically isolated, 3-D poly- and single-crystalline silicon microstructures with various size air-gaps ranging from sub-micron to tens of microns. High aspect-ratio (>50:1) polysilicon structures are created by refilling 100's of microns deep trenches with polysilicon deposited over a sacrificial oxide layer. This technology provides features required for precision micromachined inertial sensors. The all-silicon feature of this technology improves long term stability and temperature sensitivity while fabrication of large area, vertical electrodes with sub-micron gap spacing will increase the sensitivity by orders of magnitude. (C) 2002 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd.; The HARPSS process for fabrication of precision MEMS inertial sensors"
000178077900008	X	"In practical applications of stochastic programming the involved probability distributions are never known exactly. One can try to hedge against the worst expected value resulting from a considered set of permissible distributions. This leads to a min-max formulation of the corresponding stochastic programming problem. We show that, under mild regularity conditions, such a min-max problem generates a probability distribution on the set of permissible distributions with the min-max problem being equivalent to the expected value problem with respect to the corresponding weighted distribution. We consider examples of the news vendor problem, the problem of moments and problems involving unimodal distributions. Finally, we discuss the Monte Carlo sample average approach to solving such min-max problems.; Minimax analysis of stochastic problems"
000178125900006	X	"This paper shows that rapidly formed emitters in less than 6 min in the hot zone of a conveyor belt furnace or in 3 min in an rapid thermal processing (RTP) system, in conjunction with a screen-printed (SP) RTP Al-BSF and passivating oxide formed simultaneously in 2 min can produce very simple high-efficiency n(+)-p-p(+) cells with no surface texturing, point contacts, or selective emitter. It is shown for the first time that an 80 Omega/square emitter and SP Al-back surface field (BSF) formed in a high throughput belt furnace produced 19% FZ cells and greater than 17% CZ cells with photolithography (PL) contacts. Using PL contacts, we also achieved 19% efficient cells on FZ, > 18% on MCZ, and similar to17% boron-doped CZ by emitter and SP Al-BSF formation in < 10 min in a single wafer RTP system. Finally, manufacturable cells with 45 &UOmega;/&SQU; emitter and SP Al-BSF and Ag contacts formed in the conveyor belt furnace gave 17% efficient cells on FZ silicon. Compared to the PL cells, the SP cell gave &SIM;2% lower efficiency along with a decrease in J(sc) and fill factor. This loss in performance is attributed to a combination of the poor blue response, higher series resistance and higher contact shading in the SP devices (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Rapid thermal technologies for high-efficiency silicon solar cells"
000178125900014	X	"A low-cost, manufacturable defect gettering and passivation treatment, involving simultaneous anneal of a PECVD SiNx film and a screen-printed Al layer, is found to improve the lifetime in Si ribbon materials from 1-10 mus to over 20 mus. Our results indicate that the optimum anneal temperature for SiNx-induced hydrogenation is 700degreesC for EFG and increases to 825degreesC when Al is present on the back of the sample. This not only improves the degree of hydrogenation, but also forms an effective back surface field. We propose a three-step physical model, based on our results, in which defect passivation is governed by the release of hydrogen from the SiNx film due to annealing, the generation of vacancies during Al-Si alloying, and the retention of hydrogen at defect sites due to rapid cooling. Controlled rapid cooling was implemented after the hydrogenation anneal to improve the retention of hydrogen at defect sites by incorporating an RTP contact firing scheme. RTP contact firing improved the performance of ribbon solar cells by 1.3-1.5% absolute when compared to slow, belt furnace contact firing. This enhancement was due to improved back surface recombination velocity, fill factor, and bulk lifetime. Enhanced hydrogenation and rapid heating and cooling resulted in screen-printed Si ribbon cell efficiencies approaching 15%. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Fundamental understanding and implementation of Al-enhanced PECVD SiNx hydrogenation in silicon ribbons"
000178162700055	X	"Various stochastic programming problems can be formulated as problems of optimization of an expected value function. Quite often the corresponding expectation function cannot be computed exactly and should be approximated, say by Monte Carlo sampling methods. In fact, in many practical applications, Monte Carlo simulation is the only reasonable way of estimating the expectation function. In this talk we discuss converges properties of the sample average approximation (SAA) approach to stochastic programming. We argue that the SAA method is easily implementable and can be surprisingly efficient for some classes of stochastic programming problems.; Monte Carlo simulation approach to stochastic programming"
000178310900205	X	"Modern RF-MEMS device design is difficult due to the lack of tools capable of simulating highly integrated structures. This paper presents methods in which the FDTD technique can be used to model a reconfigurable RF-MEMS tuner. A new method of modeling a conductor intersecting a cell is presented. In addition, code parallelization and variable gridding are used to simulate the tuner. Results are presented showing the simulation and measurement results of the tuner.; Modeling and optimization of RF reconfigurable tuners with computationally efficient time-domain techniques"
000178310900285	X	"This paper presents the design, fabrication and testing of capacitive copper RF MEMS switches with various hinge geometries, fabricated on high-resistivity silicon substrate. The switches were fabricated using a simple low-cost four-mask process and 0.6-1.0mum thick membranes were made out of sputtered copper. The capacitive airgap in between the membrane and the signal line is 1.5-2.0mum. The lowest actuation voltage measured on the fabricated switches is 9V. The measured insertion loss of a fabricated switch and its associated transmission line was 0.9dB (mainly contributed by the transmission line Itself) and the isolation was measured to be 25dB at 40GHz.; Low-cost low actuation voltage copper RE MEMS switches"
000178518200006	X	"Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) models to quantify momentum and mass transport under conditions of tissue growth will aid bioreactor design for development of tissue-engineered cartilage constructs. Fluent CFD models are used to calculate flow fields, shear stresses, and oxygen profiles around nonporous constructs simulating cartilage development in our concentric cylinder bioreactor. The shear stress distribution ranges from 1.5 to 12 dyn/cm(2) across the construct surfaces exposed to fluid flow and varies little with the relative number or placement of constructs in the bioreactor. Approximately 80% of the construct surface exposed to flow experiences shear stresses between 1.5 and 4 dyn/cm(2), validating the assumption that the concentric cylinder bioreactor provides a relatively homogeneous hydrodynamic environment for construct growth. Species mass transport modeling for oxygen demonstrates that fluid-phase oxygen transport to constructs is uniform. Some O(2) depletion near the down stream edge of constructs is noted with minimum pO(2) values near the constructs of 35 mmHg (23% O(2) saturation). These values are above oxygen concentrations in cartilage in vivo, suggesting that bioreactor oxygen concentrations likely do not affect chondrocyte growth. Scale-up studies demonstrate the utility and flexibility of CFD models to design and characterize bioreactors for growth of tissue-engineered cartilage.; Computational fluid dynamics modeling of steady-state momentum and mass transport in a bioreactor for cartilage tissue engineering"
000178790400038	X	"There is a clinical need for the tissue engineering of a small diameter blood vessel substitute. Ideally such a vascular substitute should possess the functional attributes of the native vessel which it will replace. This means not only having the appropriate mechanical properties, but also being non-thrombogenic and exhibiting vasoactivity. In each of these there is in some way a role of mechanics. For thrombogenicity, an ""endothelial-like"" lining is required, one which is responsive to its mechanical environment in a manner similar to that of the normal vascular endothelium. If vasoactivity is exhibited, then this lining must also serve as a signal transduction interface, communicating with the underlying smooth muscle cells which themselves must be of a contractile phenotype if they are to carry out the biomechanical function resulting in contraction and dilation. Having appropriate mechanical properties means not only exhibiting sufficient strength, but also a viscoelasticity which allows for a compliance that matches that of the vascular system into which the vascular substitute is to be placed. Finally, once implanted the biological responses which will occur at least in part are regulated by biomechanical factors. Thus, the proper incorporation of biomechanics into the design of a vascular substitute is critical to achieving success.; Role of mechanics in vascular tissue engineering"
000178850400020	X	"Bimetallic thin films are of interest for use in microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) for the fabrication of sensors and actuators. The coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) mismatch between the two metal films of the bimetallic structure can be used to attain the desired level of deflection or actuation in the MEMS device. Gold/aluminum and gold/zinc films have desirable properties for use in bimetallic films because of their differences in CTE. The stress-temperature behavior of these bimetal configurations has been studied. The effect of deposition technique and recrystallization. of the metal films on the total stress and strain of the bimetallic films has been investigated. It has been shown that the formation of intermetallic compounds between the metal layers changes the mechanical properties of composite films. The intermetallic compounds are often undesirable because of their uncontrolled composition and poor mechanical properties. The degree of formation of the intermetallic compounds in the gold/aluminum bimetallic films can be reduced by use of a diffusion barrier between the two metals. It is shown that aluminum oxide is an effective diffusion barrier, and it can be easily fabricated. Stress-strain measurements and chemical depth profiling of the bimetallic films with the diffusion barrier have been used to quantify the reduction in the formation of the intermetallic compounds.; Recrystallization and intermetallic formation in Au/Al and Au/Zn bimetallic films"
000178871900470	X	"The objective of this study is to (1) develop and apply efficient algorithms to simultaneous intracranial electroencephalographic signals recorded from multiple implanted electrode sites to evaluate the spatial and temporal behavior of seizure precursors and (2) to demonstrate the utility of multiple feature and channel synergy for predicting epileptic seizures in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy. Short-term seizure precursors within a 10-minute time period are investigated. The method consists of preprocessing, processing, feature selection, classification, and validation steps. The preprocessing step removes extraneous data and captures the salient signal attributes while maintaining the integrity of the signal. Processing is a three-step approach that includes first-level features extracted from the raw data, second-level features extracted from first level features, and third-level features extracted from second-level features. A genetic algorithm selects the optimal features off-line from a preselected group of features to serve as the input to the classifier.; A genetic approach to selecting the optimal feature for epileptic seizure prediction"
000179052600120	X	"Currently, there is no standard approach for evaluating the intracranial encephalographic signals for seizure prediction. This study evaluates the IEEG signals by applying a systematic approach to feature selection, classification and validation to predict seizures. After preprocessing and processing, a genetic algorithm selects reasonable features off-line from a preselected group of features to serve as inputs to the classifier based feature selection process. A probabilistic neural network is used to select the optimal feature vector using a feed forward sequential approach on the training data followed by classification. A study of four patients resulted in a 62.5% average probability of prediction and a block false positive rate of 0.2775 false positive predictions per hour.; A systematic approach to seizure prediction using genetic and classifier based feature selection"
000179382300012	X	"Biodegradable porous polymer scaffolds are widely used in tissue engineering to provide a structural template for cell seeding and extracellular matrix formation. Scaffolds must often possess sufficient structural integrity to temporarily withstand functional loading in vivo or cell traction forces in vitro. Both the mechanical and biological properties of porous scaffolds are determined in part by the local microarchitecture. Quantification of scaffold structure-function relationships is therefore critical for optimizing mechanical and biological performance. In this study, porous poly(L-lactide-co-DL-lactide) scaffolds with axially oriented macroporosity and random microporosity were produced using a solution coating and porogen decomposition method. Microarchitectural parameters were quantified as a function of porogen concentration using microcomputed tomography (micro-CT) analysis and related to compressive mechanical properties. With increasing porogen concentration, volume fraction decreased consistently due to microarchitectural changes in average strut thickness, spacing, and density. The three-dimensional interconnectivity of the scaffold porosity was greater than 99% for all porogen concentration levels tested. Over a porosity range of 58-80%, the average compressive modulus and ultimate strength of the scaffolds ranged from 43.5-168.3 MPa and 2.7-11.0 MPa, respectively. Thus, biodegradable porous polymer scaffolds have been produced with oriented microarchitectural features designed to facilitate vascular invasion and cellular attachment and with initial mechanical properties comparable to those of trabecular bone. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.; Microarchitectural and mechanical characterization of oriented porous polymer scaffolds"
000179435300001	X	"Electrostatically deflected elastic systems are studied in areas as diverse as optical switching and cloud electrification. All such systems exhibit an instability commonly known as the ""pull-in"" or ""snap-down"" instability. In this instability, when applied voltages are increased beyond a certain critical voltage, there is no steady-state configuration of the system where mechanical members remain separate. The widespread use of electrostatic actuation in the design of micro- and nano-electromechanical systems (MEMS and NEMS) has rekindled an interest in this instability. Here, a mathematical model of a disk-shaped electrostatically actuated system is studied. This model represents a configuration typical of many MEMS/NEMS systems. Solutions to the model are examined for the case of a prescribed voltage drop across the system and for the case where the system is embedded in a capacitive control circuit. The curve of solutions, or bifurcation diagram, is shown to bend back upon itself repeatedly implying the existence of multiple steady-state configurations of the system. The effect of the control scheme is studied by examining the effect on the bifurcation diagram. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Electrostatic deflections of circular elastic membranes"
000179740900012	X	"This paper presents a parylene gas chromatographic column with an embedded heating element. The parylene coating on a silicon microchannel and parylene/parylene thermal bonding technique were employed to fabricate a parylene column. The heating element is a thin gold film evaporated on the corrugated surface of the parylene column having long and rectangular geometry. Joule heating via the thin gold film is a very effective heating system for a parylene column. ANSYS heat transfer analysis was performed to investigate the thermal cycling and temperature uniformity of the paryelne column. The parylene column showed much faster heating and cooling rates as well as lower power consumption compared to a silicon/glass column. The temperature difference between the top and the bottom of a parylene column that is due to the low thermal conductivity of parylene could be reduced to less than 0.1 K by inserting a thin metal layer between two parylene layers, forming a triple layer structure (parylene/ platinum/parylene).; Parylene gas chromatographic column for rapid thermal cycling"
000179855400077	X	"Betaretroviruses of sheep include two exogenous viruses, Jaagsiekte sheep retrovirus (JSRV) and enzootic nasal tumor virus (ENTV), and a group of endogenous viruses known as enJSRVs. The exogenous JSRV and ENTV are the etiological agents of ovine pulmonary adenocarcinoma (OPA) and enzootic nasal tumor (ENT), respectively. Sheep affected by OPA or ENT do not show an appreciable antibody response to JSRV or ENW. Consequently, it is conceivable that enJSRV expression in the fetal lamb tolerizes sheep to the related exogenous viruses. In this study, possible mechanisms of interference between the sheep exogenous and endogenous betaretroviruses were investigated. In situ hybridization detected enJSRV RNAs in lymphoid cells associated with the lamina propria of the small intestine and in the thymus of sheep fetuses. Low-level expression of enJSRVs was also detected in the lungs. In addition, expression of enJSRVs was found to block entry of the exogenous JSRV, presumably via mechanisms of receptor interference. Indeed, enJSRVs, like JSRV and ENTV, were found to utilize hyaluronidase-2 as a cellular receptor.; Receptor usage and fetal expression of ovine endogenous betaretroviruses: Implications for coevolution of endogenous and exogenous retroviruses"
000180194800150	X	"Tissue engineering technology requires the use of cultured cells to mimic the function of the tissue that a device is intended to replace. This is particularly important for tissues in contact with blood, such as a heart valve, where endothelial cells are complex mediators of this interaction. It is not known whether endothelial cells from heart valves exhibit the same behavior as the more characterized aortic endothelial cells in the presence of fluid flow. Endothelial cells of aortic and aortic valvular origin were subjected to laminar shear stress (20 dynes/cm(2)) for up to 48 hours, with static cultures serving as controls. We report that aortic valve endothelial cells align perpendicular to flow, in direct contrast to the aortic endothelial cells, which align parallel to flow. This behavioral difference could have implications in cell source decisions for heart valve tissue engineering, as specialized cell types are needed to function effectively in complex environments.; Morphological differences between aortic and aortic valve endothelial cells in static and fluid flow conditions"
000180194800239	X	"We have developed arrays of microscopic needles capable of providing pathways for drug delivery across skin without the pain associated with conventional injections. We measured the force to insert microneedles into human subjects and compared it to the force to cause microneedles to break. Insertion force measured with a force, deflection and electrical resistance meter showed that microneedle insertion force was directly proportional to interfacial area of the needle tip over a broad range of needle geometries. Force of insertion for a representative needle with 42 micron tip radius and 10 micron wall thickness was 1.3 N, which permits easy insertion of needles by hand. Breaking of microneedles under load was measured as a function of needle geometry and found to agree with predictions by ANSYS finite element simulation and thin-shell analytic theory. For example, the applied force at failure for a needle with the same geometry as above was 3.4 N, providing a 2.6-fold margin of safety between insertion and failure. In comparison, the simulation and analytical predictions were 3.5 N and 2.2 N, respectively. Both predictions and experimental results reveal that microneedles over a range of geometries are capable of withstanding the force of insertion.; The mechanics of microneedles"
000180194800243	X	"Needles of microns dimensions can be fabricated by MEMS techniques and used for painless injections or extraction. However, the effects of microneedle tip geometry, injection/extraction pressure and time on the injected/extracted volume have not been quantified. Thus, to provide microneedles with easily controlled tip geometry, we fabricated hollow beveled glass microneedles with a range of tip diameters (20 - 80 gm) and bevel angles (30 - 90 degrees) and punctured them into human cadaver or in vivo rat skin. For infusion, cadaver skin specimens were immediately frozen in liquid nitrogen after injecting dye solutions, sectioned using a microtome and digitally imaged, and then analyzed to determine the volume of fluid injected. Over the range of pressures (10 - 50 psi) and durations (1 - 20 min) studied, the infusion volume was in the range of 1 - 100 nl and the loading depth ranged from 200 to 500 gm. For extraction, interstitial fluid (ISF) was collected by beveled microneedles under pressure of -0.02 MPa for 5 min from hairless rat skin. The ISF volume measured in the needle lumen was in the range of 2 - 30 nl. We found that the injected volume increased with both pressure and injection time, but extracted volume was less when suction pressure was too low or too high. We believe this study provides the first quantitative measurements of fluid injection and extraction through microneedles into skin.; Effects of microneedle tip geometry on injection and extraction in the skin"
000180194800276	X	"Integrin-mediated cell adhesion to type I collagen regulates various cell processes such as proliferation, migration, differentiation, and wound healing. Integrin alpha(2)beta(1) recognizes the glycine-phenylaianine-hydroxyproline-glycine-glutamate-arginine (GFOGER) motif in type I collagen. Recognition is entirely dependent on the triple-helical conformation of the ligand similar to that of native collagen. This work focuses on engineering alpha(2)beta(1)-specific bioadhesive surfaces by immobilizing a triple-helical collagen-mimetic peptide incorporating the GFOGER binding sequence onto model non-adhesive substrates. Circular dichroism spectroscopy verified that this peptide adopts a triple-helical conformation in solution. Passively adsorbed GFOGER-peptide exhibited cell adhesion and spreading comparable to that observed on type I collagen. The involvement of integrin alpha(2)beta(1) in these adhesion events was verified with subsequent antibody blocking conditions and focal adhesion staining. Further experiments revealed alpha(2)beta(1)-mediated cell adhesion and focal adhesion formation on three immobilized peptide surfaces. These results suggest that this peptide is active in an immobilized conformation and may be applied as a surface modification agent to promote cell adhesion. This triple-helical collagen-mimetic peptide represents a versatile and robust approach to engineering alpha(2)beta(1)-specific surfaces for cell adhesion. Engineering surfaces that specifically target certain integrin-ligand interactions and signaling cascades allows us to optimize cellular response in biomaterials and tissue engineering applications.; Integrin-specific bioadhesive surfaces using a triple-helical collagen-mimetic peptide"
000180194800368	X	"As tissue-engineered small caliber vascular grafts become a viable solution for coronary bypass surgery, scale-up bioprocessing issues will become important. This study implements the use of a novel perfusion bioreactor system for the development of tissue-engineered blood vessel substitutes. Preliminary results indicate uniform seeding, matrix deposition and 5-fold increase in cell number within 4 days. One week seeding of 3 scaffolds in a 3-module bioreactor unit resulted in uniform cell distribution and constructs with similar cell proliferation rates. This bioreactor system looks therefore promising for the dynamic seeding of multiple constructs in the same biochemical and mechanical environment.; Dynamic seeding of tissue-engineered vascular grafts in a novel perfusion bioreactor system"
000180194800393	X	"The mechanical and functional properties of engineered blood vessels are determined largely by the characteristics of the scaffold matrix. In the present study, bovine collagen, rat collagen, bovine fibrin and a 1:1 bovine collagen-fibrin mixture were used to mold vascular constructs containing isolated smooth muscle cells. Mechanical property testing showed that each material had a characteristic stress-strain profile and failure mode. Examination of. the linear modulus indicated that bovine collagen was the stiffest material (modulus of 191.4+/-4.9 kPa), while pure bovine fibrin was the least stiff (27.9+/-1.6 kPa). The collagen-fibrin mixture had an intermediate modulus (153.4+/-7.0 kPa), while pure rat collagen (39.5+/-1.4 kPa) was markedly less stiff than bovine collagen. Ultimate tensile stress was highest for the collagen-fibrin mixture scaffolds (49.7+/-3.0 kPa). Bovine collagen alone (36.1+/-0.8 kPa) was stronger than rat tail collagen (3.9+/-0.1 kPa), and was also stronger than bovine fibrin alone (15.6+/-1.2 kPa). Constructs made with fibrin compacted to a greater degree than purely collagen-based constructs, leading to a denser matrix and increased stress values. These studies show that the properties of engineered blood vessels can be modulated by combining different naturally-derived matrix materials.; Collagen, fibrin and collagen-fibrin mixtures as matrix materials for vascular tissue engineering"
000180194800416	X	"Collagen-based tissue engineered replacements for small diameter blood vessels have been investigated for many years but typically lack the elasticity and tensile strength necessary for implantation. In this study, we have incorporated elastin with an organized structural architecture into tubular cell-seeded collagen constructs using two different reconstituted collagen sources. We evaluated the mechanical, chemical, and biological properties of these collagen-only and collagen-elastin hybrid grafts. Gel compaction quantification and live/dead staining revealed that cells in all matrix combinations were viable and able to rapidly compact their surrounding matrix. Compared to controls, uniaxial tensile testing revealed an increase in ultimate tensile strength and linear modulus for elastin hybrid constructs and for constructs formed with bovine dermal type I collagen. Histological assessment showed the unique composite structure of the elastin hybrid construct as well as the cell and extracellular matrix organization in all constructs studied. A discussion of these findings and their importance to vascular tissue engineering will be discussed.; Evaluation of collagen-elastin hybrid tissue engineered vascular constructs"
000180212400002	X	"An endothelial cell (EC) smooth muscle cell (SMC) co-culture model of the arterial wall was used to study the effect of fluid shear stress on EC behavior. This model, in addition to being a more realistic tissue analogue, is a valuable research tool for studying the effects of mechanical stimulation upon the behavior of both SMCs and ECs. In the present study, a 10% cyclic strain was used to alter the characteristics of an SMC-seeded collagen gel. This form of strain preconditioning resulted in a rearrangement of the vessel wall that yielded circumferentially oriented cells and collagen fibrils. The preconditioned collagen gel was subsequently seeded with ECs and exposed to fluid-induced shear stress (10 dynes/cm(2)) for 48 hr. In the absence of flow, ECs seeded on slab constructs were oriented with the underlying collagen fibrils. Sheared constructs exhibited ECs oriented in the flow direction. Shear stress also affected EC proliferation, reducing the total number of dividing ECs by as much as 48 percent compared to unsheared constructs. The shear-induced reduction in proliferation was further enhanced when constructs were first strain-preconditioned (64% reduction). Moreover, conditioned media from shear stress experiments inhibited proliferation of ECs seeded on tissue culture plastic. These results suggest that EC response to fluid shear stress in a collagen co-culture model is influenced by the underlying substrate, and one that in this study is modified by strain preconditioning.; The response of endothelial cells to fluid shear stress using a co-culture model of the arterial wall"
000180268800007	X	"The sample average approximation (SAA) method is an approach for solving stochastic optimization problems by using Monte Carlo simulation. In this technique the expected objective function of the stochastic problem is approximated by a sample average estimate derived from a random sample. The resulting sample average approximating problem is then solved by deterministic optimization techniques. The process is repeated with different samples to obtain candidate solutions along with statistical estimates of their optimality gaps. We present a detailed computational study of the application of the SAA method to solve three classes of stochastic routing problems. These stochastic problems involve an extremely large number of scenarios and first-stage integer variables. For each of the three problem classes, we use decomposition and branch-and-cut to solve the approximating problem within the SAA scheme. Our computational results indicate that the proposed method is successful in solving problems with up to 2(1694) scenarios to within an estimated 1.0% of optimality. Furthermore, a surprising observation is that the number of optimality cuts required to solve the approximating problem to optimality does not significantly increase with the size of the sample. Therefore, the observed computation times needed to find optimal solutions to the approximating problems grow only linearly with the sample size. As a result, we are able to find provably near-optimal solutions to these difficult stochastic programs using only a moderate amount of computation time.; The sample average approximation method applied to stochastic routing problems: A computational study"
000180275700005	X	"We consider two bicriteria scheduling problems on a single machine: minimizing flowtime and number of tardy jobs, and minimizing flowtime and maximum earliness. Both problems are known to be NP-hard. For the first problem, we developed a heuristic that produces an approximately efficient solution (AES) for each possible value the number of tardy jobs can take over the set of efficient solutions. We developed a genetic algorithm (GA) that further improves the AESs. We then adapted the GA for the second problem by exploiting its special structure. We present computational experiments that show that the GAs perform well. Many aspects of the developed GAs are quite general and can be adapted to other multiple criteria scheduling problems. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Using genetic algorithms for single-machine bicriteria scheduling problems"
000180296600003	X	"This paper presents novel planar dynamically reconfigurable double-stub tuners that utilize electrostatically activated microelectromechanical system (MEMS) switches. The tuners operate in the 10-20-GHz frequency range and have stubs that consist of a digital capacitor bank. Each bank has a predetermined number of capacitors that can be selected through the activation of appropriate MEMS switches. The value and number of capacitors is dictated by the range of loads that needs to be matched. Simulated and measured results from several designs are presented. A 4 bit x 4 bit tuner that can match loads with 1.5 Omega < Re {Z(L)} < 109 Omega and -107 Omega < Im{Z(L)} < 48 Omega at 20 GHz equivalent to three quadrants of the Smith chart and loads with 3 Omega < Re {Z(L)} < 94 Omega and -260 Omega < Im{Z(L)} < 91 Omega at 10 GHz is demonstrated for the first time, as well as other designs. The demonstrated tuners provide real-time reconfiguration and matching for RF loads that change values during system operation. Applications include the development of several novel highly integrated microwave/millimeter-wave circuits such as ultra-wide-band high output power and increased power-added-efficiency amplifiers, ultra-wide-band multipliers, and very broad-band antenna arrays. It is expected that these circuits will be part of future low-cost and low-power intelligent RF front-end microsystems and systems-on-a-chip.; Reconfigurable double-stub tuners using MEMS switches for intelligent RF front-ends"
000180422300013	X	"A poly(3-undecyl-2,2'-bithiophene) in thin film TiO2 photovoltaic has been characterized electrochemically and optically. An oxidation potential and onset of oxidation of the polythiophene were determined by cyclic voltammetry to be 1.0 and 0.8 V (versus Ag\AgCl\\sat KCl), respectively. From the onset oxidation, the HOMO has been estimated to be at 1.0 V versus NHE. A bandgap of 2.04 eV (610 nm) was determined from UV-Vis spectroscopy and yielded a LUMO of -1.04 V versus NHE. The energetics relative to TiO2 make electron injection possible under the absorption of light. Polymer/TiO2 solar cells were constructed yielding V-oe reaching 0.92 V and J(sc) approaching 100 muA cm(-2) under 100 mW cm(-2) light intensity. The solar cells showed a logarithmic increase in V-oc under increasing light intensity while the J(sc) showed a sublinear increase indicating the presence of trap states. Photocurrent enhancement is observed over time under illumination possibly due to both an annealing process occurring between the metal oxide and polymer and a possible increase of polymer photoconductivity. The diode quality factor was as good as 2.9 with a J(0) of 2 nA cm(-2). A p-n junction is thought to be formed due to the energetics, type of materials (n-type TiO2 and p-type polythiophene) present, and the formation of a depletion region, which is most likely between the TiO2/P3UBT interface. It was found that the sol-gel derived TiO, used in this study was electrically blocking from cyclic voltammetric measurements and hence dense and non-porous. This suggests that such films can be used as a dense blocking layer in solid state nanocrystalline solar cells. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Optical and electrochemical characterization of poly (3-undecyl-2,2 '-bithiophene) in thin film solid state TiO2 photovoltaic solar cells"
000180485000029	X	"The need for noise source localization and characterization has driven the development of advanced sound field measurement techniques using microphone arrays. Unfortunately, the cost and complexity of these systems currently limit their widespread use. Directional acoustic arrays are commonly used in wind tunnel studies of aeroacoustic sources and may consist of hundreds of condenser microphones. A microelectromechanical system (MEMS)-based directional acoustic array system is presented to demonstrate key technologies to reduce the cost, increase the mobility, and improve the data processing efficiency versus conventional systems. The system uses 16 hybrid-packaged MEMS silicon piezoresistive microphones that are mounted to a printed circuit board. In addition, a high-speed signal processing system was employed to generate the array response in near real time. Dynamic calibrations of the microphone sensor modules indicate an average sensitivity of 831 muV/Pa with matched magnitude (+/-0.6 dB) and phase (+/-1degrees) responses between devices. The array system was characterized in an an-echoic chamber using a monopole source as a function of frequency, sound pressure level, and source location. The performance of the MEMS-based array is comparable to conventional array systems and also benefits from significant cost savings. (C) 2003 Acoustical Society of America.; A directional acoustic array using silicon micromachined piezoresistive microphones"
000180603900013	X	"Various approaches to tissue engineering a small diameter blood vessel have historically relied upon extended culturing periods and/or synthetic materials to create mechanical properties suitable to withstand the hemodynamic stresses of the vasculature. In this work, we present the concept of a construct-sleeve hybrid (CSH) graft, which uses a biological support to provide temporary reinforcement while cell-mediated remodeling of the construct occurs. Support sleeves were fabricated from Type I collagen gels and crosslinked with glutaraldehyde, ultraviolet, or dehydrothermal treatments. Uniaxial tensile testing of acellular sleeves revealed increased stiffness moduli and tensile stresses with crosslinking treatments. A second collagen layer containing cells was molded about the sleeve to create a CSH. After in vitro culture, CHSs with uncrosslinked (UnXL) and glutaraldehyde treated (Glut) sleeves exhibited significant increases in mechanical strength (20.4-fold and 121-fold increases in ultimate stress, respectively) compared to unreinforced control constructs. Burst testing produced similar findings with peak pressures of 100 and 650 mmHg in the UnXL and Glut CSHs, respectively. Construct compaction, cell viability, and histological examination demonstrated that the function of most cells remained unimpaired with the incorporation of the biological support sleeve. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.; A biological hybrid model for collagen-based tissue engineered vascular constructs"
000180616400009	X	"In this communication, we report on a technique to fabricate solid-state polythiophene-based dye sensitized solar cells (DSSCs) that can be directly compared to analogous liquid junction devices. The device configuration is based on non-porous TiO2 thin films and one of the three undoped polythiophene hole conductors: poly[3-(11 diethylphosphorylundecyl) thiophene], P3PUT, poly(4-undecyl-2,2'-bithiophene), P4UBT, or poly(3-undecyl-2,2'-bithiophene), P3UBT. These polymers were spin coated and cast from organic solutions onto the TiO2 films. The dense TiO2 thin films (ca. 30 mn) were deposited on conductive glass via facile spray pyrolysis and sol-gel techniques. After that, cis-(SCN)(2) Bis(2,2' bipyridyl-4,4'-dicarboxylate) ruthenium(II) (a.k.a. Ru N3 dye) was adsorbed on the TiO2 surface, and the polythiophenes were utilized as hole conductors in a simplified solar cell geometry. The results were compared to the control DSSC device made with dense TiO2, and a liquid electrolyte, or 2,2',7,7'-tetrakis(N,N-di-p-methoxyphenylamine)-9,9'-spirobifluorene (a.k.a. Spiro-MeO-TAD). The polythiophenes exhibited bandgaps in the range 1.9-2.0eV, and HOMO energy levels of approximately 5eV (vs. vacuum). The P3PUT DSSC device exhibited an AM1.5 V-OC = 0.8 V, a J(SC) = 0.1 mA/cm(2), as well as an IPCE=0.5-1%. The AM1.5 short-circuit photocurrents and quantum efficiencies for DSSCs made with the polythiophenes, the Spiro-MeOTAD and the standard liquid electrolyte (I-/I-3(-)) were found to be identical within the limits of experimental uncertainty and reproducibility. Our results indicate that a solid-state replacement to the liquid junction is not necessarily limited by the fundamental aspect of hole transfer, one of the three fundamental aspects that must be met for an efficient DSSC. Rather than suggest that P3UBT or P4UBT could be used to create efficient ""organic solar cells"" with the exclusion of the Ru dye, we suggest that transparent thiophene compounds could be attractive candidates for high-surface area solid-state DSSCs, and that the technique presented can be applied to other hole conductors. It can allow a verification of one of the things necessary for the DSSC, so that parallel studies using high-surface area materials can proceed with confidence. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; A technique to compare polythiophene solid-state dye sensitized TiO2 solar cells to liquid junction devices"
000180672200007	X	"This paper reports on the use of microfabrication technologies in combination with electrodeposition of electrical conductors and magnetic alloys to create magnetic microelectromechanical devices and systems. Basic technologies and applications are discussed and illustrated by means of two example projects performed in our laboratory: production of highly laminated magnetic cores for improved quality factor, intermediate-frequency inductive energy storage devices; and production of magnetic micromechanical switches ('microrelays') for use in high current switching environments.; Electrodeposited magnetic MEMS: From structures to actuators"
000180696500007	X	"An efficient strategy has been designed for the preparation of synthetic mimics of hyaluronan (RA, 1) and its dimerized (Gemini) disaccharides (2a,b) via n-pentenyl glycoside formation. Construction of the target molecules was achieved through a combination of protection/deprotection protocols, imidate glycosylation methodology followed by ozonolysis, and reductive amination. These tailored synthetic mimics could act as versatile building blocks with therapeutic applications in tissue engineering, treatment of cancer and as drug delivery agents. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.; Design and synthesis of hyaluronan-mimetic gemini disaccharides"
000180895700002	X	"The yield management (YM) problem considers the task of maximizing a company's revenue. For the competitive airline industry, profit margins depend on a good YM policy. Research on airline YM is abundant but still limited to heuristics and small cases. We address the YM problem for a major domestic airline carriers hub-and-spoke network, involving 20 cities and 31 flight legs. This is a problem of realistic size since airline networks are usually separated by hub cities. Our method is a variant of the orthogonal array experimental designs and multivariate adaptive regression splines stochastic dynamic programming method. Our method is demonstrated to outperform state of the art YM methods.; Solving for an optimal airline yield management policy via statistical learning"
000180896100001	X	In this paper we consider stochastic programming problems where the objective function is given as an expected value of a convex piecewise linear random function. With an optimal solution of such a problem we associate a condition number which characterizes well or ill conditioning of the problem. Using theory of Large Deviations we show that the sample size needed to calculate the optimal solution of such problem with a given probability is approximately proportional to the condition number.; Conditioning of convex piecewise linear stochastic programs
000180981100010	X	"This paper considers a phasor measurement unit (PMU) placement problem requiring simultaneous optimization of two conflicting objectives, such as minimization of the number of PMUs and maximization of the measurement redundancy. The objectives are in conflict since the improvement of one of them leads to the deterioration of another. Instead of a unique optimal solution, it exists a set of best tradeoffs between competing objectives, the so-called Pareto-optimal solutions. A specially tailored nondominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA) for a PMU placement problem is proposed as a methodology to find these Pareto-optimal solutions. The algorithm is combined with the graph-theoretical procedure and a simple GA to reduce the initial number of the PMU's candidate locations. The NSGA parameters are carefully set by performing a number of trial runs and evaluating the NSGA performances based on the number of distinct Pareto-optimal solutions found in the particular run and distance of the obtained Pareto front from the optimal one. Illustrative results on the 39- and 118-bus IEEE systems are presented.; Nondominated sorting genetic algorithm for optimal phasor measurement placement"
000180995400003	X	"Removal of vascular smooth muscle cells (SMC) from their native environment alters the biochemical and mechanical signals responsible for maintaining normal cell function, causing a shift from a quiescent, contractile phenotype to a more proliferative, synthetic state. We examined the effect on SMC function of culture on two-dimensional (2D) substrates and in three-dimensional (313) collagen Type I gels, including the effect of exogenous biochemical stimulation on gel compaction, cell proliferation, and expression of the contractile protein smooth muscle a-actin (SMA) in these systems. Embedding of SMC in 3D collagen matrices caused a marked decrease in both cell proliferation and expression of SMA. The presence of the extracellular matrix modulated cellular responses to platelet-derived growth factor 1313, heparin, transforming growth factor-beta1, and endothelial cell-conditioned medium. Cell proliferation and SMA expression were shown to be inversely related, while gel compaction and SMA expression were not correlated. Taken together, these results show that SMC phenotype and function can be modulated using biochemical stimulation in vitro, but that the effects produced are dependent on the nature of the extracellular matrix. These findings have implications for the study of vascular biology in vitro, as well as for the development of engineered vascular tissues. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.; Altered response of vascular smooth muscle cells to exogenous biochemical stimulation in two- and three-dimensional culture"
000181008700001	X	"RNA interference, transposons, and the centromere"
000181103200063	X	"This paper presents the design and fabrication of RF components for compact and low cost wireless radio front-end systems. The system-on-package (SOP) concept has been applied to the design of an integrated C-Band transceiver and results are presented for a high performance LTCC band-pass filter and a via-fed stacked cavity-backed patch antenna. Multi-layer organic packaging, development is also reported for very high Q-factor inductors and embedded filters. In addition, simulations and, experimental data for an RF-MEMS '2bit x 2bit' tuner and a micromachined filter demonstrate the benefits of the integration of micromachined structures.; Design of compact RF components for low-cost high-performance wireless front-ends"
000181368900018	X	"In this paper, we propose an efficient method for region removal and restoration based on a genetic algorithm (GA) with isophote constraint. The image restoration problem is modeled as an optimization problem, which in our case, is solved by a cost function with isophote constraint that is minimized using a GA. We consider that an image is decomposed into isophotes based on connected components of constant intensity. Our method creates an optimal connection of all pairs of isophotes in an image plane. In the proposed method, we estimate the value of the smoothness, given by the best chromosome of the GA, and project this value in the isophotes direction. The proposed method restores the inside of the region using a geometric feature of the image from the surrounding area. It can be used to make a natural scene in which a commercial advertisement caption, subtitle or logo in an advertisement scene are removed. Experimental results show a great possibility for automatic removal and restoration of a region in an advertisement scene. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.; Region removal and restoration using a genetic algorithm with isophote constraint"
000181826300001	X	"We describe a stochastic dynamic programming approach for ""real option""-based valuation of electricity generation capacity incorporating operational constraints and start-up costs. Stochastic prices of electricity and fuel are represented by recombining multinomial trees. Generators are modeled as a strip of cross-commodity call options with a delay and a cost imposed on each option exercise. We illustrate implications of operational characteristics on the valuation of generation assets under different modeling assumptions about the energy commodity prices. We find that the impacts of operational constraints on real asset valuation are dependent on both the model specification and the nature of operating characteristics.; Incorporating operational characteristics and start-up costs in option-based valuation of power generation capacity"
000181924600057	X	"Reducing solar cell thickness is an attractive way to reduce material costs. However, model calculations in this paper show that if rear surface recombination velocity (S) is greater than about 1000 cm/s, a 100-mum-thick screen-printed cell on solar-grade material has a lower efficiency than a 300-mum-thick cell. The literature demonstrates that S < 1000 cm/s is readily achievable on monocrystalline materials. However, S on multicrystalline silicon (mc-Si) seems less thoroughly investigated. In this study, string ribbon mc-Si wafers of different resistivities are passivated with a thermal oxide, plasma-enhanced chemical vapor. deposition (PECVD) nitride, and an oxide/nitride stack. For comparison, float zone (FZ) and Czochralski (Cz) monocrystalline wafers are passivated identically. By analyzing measured lifetimes under 500 nm and 1000 nm illumination, upper and lower limits on S are determined. For most of the monocrystalline wafers investigated in this study, the upper limit on S is less than 1000 cm/s, while for most of the multricrystalline wafers, 1000 cm/s falls within the error bars. Thus, thinning monocrystalline silicon should improve cell performance; however, it is difficult to conclude from this data that solar cell efficiency will improve when reducing thickness for the specified mc-Si materials and passivation technologies. In fact, results strongly suggest that S on string ribbon mc-Si is higher than S on identically passivated FZ.; Comparison of dielectric surface passivation of monocrystalline and multicrystalline silicon"
000181924600100	X	"Rapid firing processes are well known to allow improvements in solar cell, contacts, particularly for the rear contact. Previous results characterizing the quality of a rear aluminum-alloyed back surface field have measured the effective surface recombination velocity, which depends not only on the material parameters of the back surface field, but also on the base doping. This paper shows that the determination of the recombination current density in the back surface field via photoconductance measurements is an accurate technique to measure the back surface field, independent of the base resistivity. Results show that fast firing conditions give the lowest recombination, but that the firing conditions can be altered substantially while still allowing high open circuit voltages.; Rapid thermal processing for front and rear contact passivation"
000182005700002	X	"This paper addresses a multi-period investment model for capacity expansion in an uncertain environment. Using a scenario tree approach to model the evolution of uncertain demand and cost parameters, and fixed-charge cost functions to model the economies of scale in expansion costs, we develop a multi-stage stochastic integer programming formulation for the problem. A reformulation of the problem is proposed using variable disaggregation to exploit the lot-sizing substructure of the problem. The reformulation significantly reduces the LP relaxation gap of this large scale integer program. A heuristic scheme is presented to perturb the LP relaxation solutions to produce good quality integer solutions. Finally, we outline a branch and bound algorithm that makes use of the reformulation strategy as a lower bounding scheme, and the heuristic as an upper bounding scheme, to solve the problem to global optimality. Our preliminary computational results indicate that the proposed strategy has significant advantages over straightforward use of commercial solvers.; A multi-stage stochastic integer programming approach for capacity expansion under uncertainty"
000182024200034	X	"A computationally efficient modeling framework for predicting and optimizing the thermal performance of liquid cooled power electronic modules has been developed to be used as a rapid scouting tool for preliminary layout designs. The framework is based on an integration of a compact multidimensional, transient thermal model with a genetic algorithm based multi-objective optimizer. By combining a simplified thermal impedance network model with the impulse response of multiple devices on a common substrate, an overall transient thermal assessment of a power electronic module can be performed. This approach enabled the compact model to rapidly determine the thermal behavior at any specified time for a power module structure consisting of multiple substrate layers and power devices. This methodology has been employed for analyzing power electronic modules that do not operate long enough to reach steady-state conditions. By designing for specified transient conditions, overly conservative estimation of design features based on steady-state operation can be avoided. Examples of Pareto solution sets of power electronic module layouts based on optimizing maximum module temperature, overall coolant pressure drop, and power device placement were developed. The rapid computational times make this methodology useful in analyzing a vast sample space of possible design alternatives. These advantages allow a designer to quickly identify potential optimal designs; and perform detailed numerical simulations on them, rather than spend time searching for these optimal layouts through extensive computations.; Multi-objective design of liquid cooled power electronic modules for transient operation"
000182054900004	X	"This research involves the fabrication of encapsulated air-channels via acid-catalyzed degradation of photosensitive polycarbonates (PCs). There is a need for lower-temperature, degradable polymeric materials to fabricate buried air-channels for microelectromechanical systems (MEMS), microfluidic devices, and micro-reactors. Some polycarbonates undergo thermolytic degradation in the temperature range of 200 to 350 degreesC. These polycarbonates are also known to undergo acid-catalyzed decomposition in the presence of catalytic amounts of acid. A small percentage of an acid in the polycarbonate formulation can greatly reduce the onset of decomposition temperature to the 100 to 180 degreesC temperature range. The photoacid and thermalacid induced degradation behavior of PCs and its use as a sacrificial material for the formation of air-gaps have been studied in this work. The decomposition of several polycarbonates with the aid of in situ generated photo-acid has been demonstrated and applied to the fabrication of micro air-channels. Based on FT-IR, mass spectrometry, and thermogravimetric analysis (TGA), a degradation mechanism was proposed.; Air-channel fabrication for microelectromechanical systems via sacrificial photosensitive polycarbonates"
000182121800040	X	"A concentric cylinder bioreactor has been developed to culture tissue engineered cartilage constructs under hydrodynamic loading. This bioreactor operates in a low shear stress environment, has a large growth area for construct production, allows for dynamic seeding of constructs, and provides for a uniform loading environment. Porous poly-lactic acid constructs, seeded dynamically in the bioreactor using isolated bovine chondrocytes, were cultured for 4 weeks at three seeding densities (60, 80, 100 x 10(6) cells per bioreactor) and three different shear stresses (imposed at 19, 38, and 76 rpm) to characterize the effect of chondrocyte density and hydrodynamic loading on construct growth. Construct seeding efficiency with chondrocytes is greater than 95% within 24 h. Extensive chondrocyte proliferation and matrix deposition are achieved so that after 28 days in culture, constructs from bioreactors seeded at the highest cell densities contain up to 15 x 10(6) cells, 2 mg GAG, and 3.5 mg collagen per construct and exhibit morphology similar to that of native cartilage. Bioreactors seeded with 60 million chondrocytes do not exhibit robust proliferation or matrix deposition and do not achieve morphology similar to that of native cartilage. In cultures under different steady hydrodynamic loading, the data demonstrate that higher shear stress suppresses matrix GAG deposition and encourages collagen incorporation. In contrast, under dynamic hydrodynamic loading conditions, cartilage constructs exhibit robust matrix collagen and GAG deposition. The data demonstrate that the concentric cylinder bioreactor provides a favorable hydrodynamic environment for cartilage construct growth and differentiation. Notably, construct matrix accumulation can be manipulated by hydrodynamic loading. This bioreactor is useful for fundamental studies of construct growth and to assess the significance of cell density, nutrients, and hydrodynamic loading on cartilage development. In addition, studies of cartilage tissue engineering in the well-characterized, uniform environment of the concentric cylinder bioreactor will develop important knowledge of bioprocessing parameters critical for large-scale production of engineered tissues.; Concentric cylinder bioreactor for production of tissue engineered cartilage: Effect of seeding density and hydrodynamic loading on construct development"
000182405500175	X	"This paper presents a 600kHz MEMS bandpass filter implemented using electrical coupling of single crystal silicon HARPSS micromechanical resonators. Passive and active filter synthesis approaches based on electrical coupling of capacitive MEMS resonators are introduced and discussed. A third order passive bandpass filter at the center frequency of 600kHz with a bandwidth of 125Hz, a stopband rejection of 48dB, and a 20dB-shape-factor of 2.1 is demonstrated. A quality factor (Q) enhancement technique based on active electrical cascading of the resonators is also presented. A 3-stage active cascade at 600kHz demonstrated a 2x increase in the effective Q.; A 600kHz electrically-coupled MEMS bandpass filter"
000182494000036	X	"The FDTD and MRTD full-wave numerical techniques are applied to the modeling and analysis of embedded components, such as MEMS, in Silicon packages. Preliminary design rules are derived for minimized-crosstalk transmission lines, for a wideband compact transition, for a MEMS switch and that can be used in practical tuning applications and for a packaging adaptive antenna.; Analysis and design of MEMS and embedded components in silicon/LTCC packages using FDTD/MRTD for system-on-package applications system-on-package (SOP)"
000182866100112	X	"A large eddy simulation (LES) based design tool for modeling rectangular cross-section, high aspect ratio (AR) combustors has been developed and tested against experimental results. The combustor is part of a miniature power generator in which a free piston fitted with permanent magnets is oscillated by the out-of-phase heat release from two opposed high AR combustors. This device is placed inside a permanent magnetic coil, where the piston motion generates electric power. The combustor geometry is governed by the desire to mass-produce the device using microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) techniques. Since ignition, flame propagation, heat losses, and quenching have been shown to be seriously affected by this combustor's geometry, standard design tools developed for low AR engines can not be used for these devices. Instead, LES methodology has been developed to address this. A wall heat transfer model is used for effectively handling the intense heat transfer in the system. The piston motion is treated by a Cartesian grid scheme. A miniaturized, high AR power generator in which the piston is moved by a single combustor and a spring was designed and built. The LES model provided significant guidance for the location of the inlet and exhaust ports during the design process. Comparison of the experimental results and predictions shows that flame behavior is well captured by the model, as are wall and exhaust temperatures. However, because mass losses between piston and cylinder were neglected and because the use of global kinetics did not permit the proper treatment of wall quenching, the model tends to overpredict both pressure pulse frequency and amplitude, as well as work generated by the device. A more sophisticated treatment of combustion chemistry is expected to improve agreement between experimental results and the model.; Combustion dynamics in a high aspect ratio engine"
000182958800067	X	Protein-based thermoplastic elastomers: Properties and applications in tissue engineering
000183285700014	X	"Integrin-mediated cell adhesion to extracellular matrix proteins anchors cells and triggers signals that direct cell function. The integrin alpha(2)beta(1) recognizes the glycine-phenylalanine-hydroxyproline-glycine-glutamate-arginine (GFOGER) motif in residues 502-507 of the alpha(1)(I) chain of type I collagen. Integrin recognition is entirely dependent on the triple-helical conformation of the ligand similar to that of native collagen. This study focuses on engineering alpha(2)beta(1)-specific bioadhesive surfaces by immobilizing a triple-helical collagen-mimetic peptide incorporating the GFOGER binding sequence onto model nonadhesive substrates. Circular dichroism spectroscopy verified that this peptide adopts a stable triple-helical conformation in solution. Passively adsorbed GFOGER-peptide exhibited dose-dependent HT1080 cell adhesion and spreading comparable to that observed on type I collagen. Subsequent antibody blocking conditions verified the involvement of integrin alpha(2)beta(1) in these adhesion events. Focal adhesion formation was observed by immunofluorescent staining for alpha(2)beta(1) and vinculin on MC3T3-E1 cells. Model functionalized surfaces then were engineered using three complementary peptide-tethering schemes. These peptide-functionalized substrates supported alpha(2)beta(1)-mediated cell adhesion and focal adhesion assembly. Our results suggest that this peptide is active in an immobilized conformation and may be applied as a surface modification agent to promote alpha(2)beta(1-)specific cell adhesion. Engineering surfaces that specifically target certain integrin-ligand interactions and signaling cascades provides a biornolecular strategy for optimizing cellular responses in biomaterials and tissue engineering applications. (C) 2003 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Engineering integrin-specific surfaces with a triple-helical collagen-mimetic peptide"
000183335500003	X	"Biochemical stimulation was applied in combination with cyclic mechanical strain to engineered vascular constructs made of isolated smooth muscle cells in a three-dimensional (3D) collagen type I matrix. Platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) and transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) were added exogenously to the medium used to culture the constructs. Mechanical stimulation was applied using a bioreactor system that imparted a 10% circumferential strain at a frequency of I Hz. The parameters studied were gel compaction, cell proliferation, and expression of the contractile protein smooth muscle alpha-actin (SMA). Mechanical stimulation caused a characteristic increase in gel compaction and cell proliferation, relative to statically cultured controls. Stimulation with PDGF increased cell proliferation and decreased SMA expression in 3D gels, but inhibited the effects of mechanical stimulation and produced a more open matrix structure. TGF-beta strongly inhibited cell proliferation and increased SMA expression, especially in the presence of mechanical strain, and resulted in a dense matrix. These results show that cell phenotype can be modulated in engineered blood vessels by applying selected combinations of biochemical and mechanical stimuli, and suggest that such control over cell function can be used to tailor the properties of engineered tissues. (C) 2003 Biomedical Engineering Society.; Phenotype modulation in vascular tissue engineering using biochemical and mechanical stimulation"
000183356300006	X	"A new class of fully compliant bistable mechanisms with the added benefit of integrated self-retraction has been developed (hereafter identified as Self-Retracting Fully compliant Bistable Mechanism or SRFBM). A technique using tensural pivots to manage compressive loading in compliant mechanisms is introduced and implemented in the SRFBM. The elimination of traditional kinematic joints and their associated clearance allows a total displacement between stable positions of 8.5 mum, and the mechanism size is less than 300 pm square when using 2.0 mum minimum line widths. Maximum actuation force is approximately 500 muN. The SRFBM's small linear displacement and reasonable actuation force facilitate integration with efficient thermal actuators. Furthermore, fully compliant mechanisms allow greater freedom in fabrication as only one mechanical layer is needed. Systems with on-chip actuation have been fabricated and tested, demonstrating bistability and on-chip actuation, which requires approximately 150 mW. A single fatigue test has been completed, during which the SRFBM endured approximately 2 million duty cycles without failure.; A self-retracting fully compliant bistable micromechanism"
000183367600009	X	"Planning for capacity expansion forms a crucial part of the strategic-level decision making in many applications. Consequently, quantitative models for economic capacity expansion planning have been the subject of intense research. However, much of the work in this area has been restricted to linear cost models and/or limited degree of uncertainty to make the problems analytically tractable. This paper addresses a stochastic capacity expansion problem where the economies-of-scale in expansion costs are handled via fixed-charge cost functions, and forecast uncertainties in the problem parameters are explicitly considered by specifying a set of scenarios. The resulting formulation is a multistage stochastic integer program. We develop a fast, linear-programming-based, approximation scheme that exploits the decomposable structure and is guaranteed to produce feasible solutions for this problem. Through a probabilistic analysis, we prove that the optimality gap of the heuristic solution almost surely vanishes asymptotically as the problem size increases.; An approximation scheme for stochastic integer programs arising in capacity expansion"
000183448100103	X	"Electroplating bonding technology for the fabrication of micro-electro-mechanical (MEMS) structures as well as interlaver bonding structures in the gap between two substrates is described in this paper. Electroplating bonding is a fabrication approach in which two conductors on differing substrates are electrically and mechanically joined by an additional growing layer of electrodeposited conductive material. Chip-scale interconnects fabricated with 256 150um tall, micromachined copper (Cu) posts on glass and printed wiring board (PWB) substrates were bonded using electroplating bonding technology. A simple electrical continuity test on a row of 16 interconnects yields resistances of 0.097 ohm per test bed, where the values agree well with calculated electrical resistances of 0.092ohm per test bed. A simulation of the thermal properties of the electroplating bonded chip interconnects was done using ANSYS 5.6, with particular attention paid to stresses arising from mismatched coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) of the substrates. The simulation results indicate that the adhesion layer between the structure and the substrate exhibit stresses when a 100degreesC temperature rise was applied. The stress comparison was performed by observing the integrity of the adhesion relative to the presence or absence of polymer passivation on the interconnect pads. Simulations were confirmed with experiment by thermal testing over the range -55 similar to 125degreesC. After the thermal test the electrical properties of the test bed were again measured with the same result as the aforementioned electrical resistance data. Using the electroplating bonding method, high performance MEMS solenoid inductors were fabricated. These inductors were fabricated using an epoxy-core method that greatly reduces fabrication time while maintaining performance. The electroplating bonded inductors were fabricated with 3, 5, 7 and 10 turns. The inductors are 500um high with 50 um width and with a 100um gap between posts. The effective inductances were 6.1nH, 10.5nH, 15.0nH and 24.4nH, and the corresponding Q-factors were 82.1, 59.6, 53.2, and 43.3, respectively, depending on the number of turns, as extracted using an equivalent electrical circuit model.; High density electroplating bonding interconnect technology: Chip packaging and high aspect ratio passive elements"
000184044100062	X	"Resource-Constrained Project Scheduling Problem(RCPSP) is a significant challenge in highly regulated industries, such as pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals, where a large number of candidate new products must undergo a set of tests for certification. In this study, we propose a novel way of addressing the uncertainties in the RCPSP including the uncertainties in task durations and costs, as well as uncertainties in the results of tasks(success or failure) by using a discrete time Markov chain. The resulting stochastic optimization problem can be solved using dynamic programming, but the computational cost renders this impractical. Instead, we develop a new way to combine heuristic solutions through dynamic programming in state space. As a result, a near optimal policy, which can take account of information states in decision making and improve the heuristics, for the problem is obtained rather than a fixed solution obtained by the previous MILP formulations.; Simulation based approach for improving heuristics in stochastic resource-constrained project scheduling problem"
000184045100079	X	"This paper continues our investigation of genetic pre-distortion algorithms to power amplifier (PA) linearization. In previous work, we reported simulation results of an adaptive algorithm that requires only a measure of out-of-band emission. Compared to traditional algorithms that require wideband feedback, the proposed algorithm is implemented using narrowband feedback, affording a large cost savings in ADC components. In our current work we apply the genetic algorithm to a laboratory PA and present linearization results in terms of adjacent and alternate channel leakage ratio (ACLR) and efficiency improvement.; Closed-loop digital pre-distortion for power amplifier linearization using genetic algorithms"
000184045100403	X	"We present the fabrication and the characterization of very high-Q suspended RF-MEMS inductors for RF applications in C-band, X-band and Ku-band. The fabrication technique relies on conventional MEMS micro-machining on a low cost ceramic RF substrate. This low temperature, low cost manufacturing technique is therefore compatible with the fabrication of a complete S-O-P wireless integrated module. A physical based model of the inductors is presented. It takes into account the influence of substrate losses and radiation losses. The fabricated devices exhibit very high performances such as Q above 100 and self-resonance frequency as high as 50 GHz.; Very high-Q inductors using RF-MEMS technology for System-On-Package wireless communication integrated module"
000184045100434	X	"This paper presents the design, fabrication and testing of capacitive RF MEMS switches with a new, low processing cost dielectric layer on high-resistivity silicon substrate. The dielectric can be spun on the wafer and its parameters (dielectric constant and loss) can be controlled during fabrication to achieve the desired values. Both bridge- and cantilever-type switches were fabricated on high-rho silicon substrate using a simple low cost four-mask process. Measured results are presented.; Low cost RF MEMS switches using photodefinable mixed oxide dielectrics"
000184054900010	X	"Stereolithography can be used to fabricate 3-D and high aspect ratio microstructures with low manufacturing cost and short fabrication time. Stereo lithography can customize the packages for microfluidics and microsensors to eliminate the dead volume of the reaction chamber. Fabrication of MEMS packages on a wafer level scale can decrease the manufacturing time and assembly time. In order to show the feasibility of integration of stereolithography with micromachined devices, alignment, cleaning, and dicing tests have been investigated. Stereolithography was applied to chemical sensors, interdigitated electrodes, and an AFM cantilever fluid cell package. After the cleaning process the devices were tested and passed a functional test.; Stereolithography on silicon for microfluidics and microsensor packaging"
000184304600021	X	"Dielectric properties of single walled carbon nanotube assemblies were calculated with an effective medium approximation at frequencies from 200 MHz to 200 GHz. The model treats the carbon nanotubes as layered cylinders, each with a core, a graphene layer and an outer layer, to investigate the dielectric properties of coated and filled nanotubes. The graphene and metal layer properties were modeled with a Drude approximation based on literature data. A generalized Bruggeman model was then used to determine the macroscopic behavior of the modified carbon nanotubes in a composite structure as a function of volume fraction, frequency, and aspect ratio. The depolarization factors in this model were scaled by the normalized effective permittivity to better account for percolation behavior. The model showed a wide variety of frequency dependent dielectric properties. Uncoated tubes were calculated to form highly conductive materials at volume fractions of just a few percent and metal-coated tubes enhanced the conductivity by an order of magnitude. Calculations of nanotubes with insulating coatings showed that high dielectric constants with moderate to low dielectric loss were possible.; Effective medium calculations of the electromagnetic behavior of single walled carbon nanotube composites"
000184360400005	X	"The effectiveness of photomediated cross-linking of type I collagen gels in the presence of rat aortic smooth muscle cells (RASMC) as a method to enhance gel mechanical properties while retaining native collagen triple helical structure and maintaining high cell viability was investigated. Collagen was chemically modified to incorporate an acrylate moiety. Collagen methacrylamide was cast into gels in the presence of a photoinitiator along with RASMC. The gels were cross-linked using visible light irradiation. Neither acrylate modification nor the cross-linking reaction altered collagen triple helical content. The cross-linking reaction, however, moved the denaturation temperature beyond the physiologic range. A twelve-fold increase in shear modulus was observed after cross-linking. Cell viability in the range of 70% (n = 4, p > 0.05) was observed in the photo-cross-linked gels. Moreover the cells were able to contract the cross-linked gel in a manner commensurate with that observed for natural type I collagen. Methacrylate-mediated photo-cross-linking is a facile route to improve mechanical properties of collagen gels in the presence of cells while maintaining high cell viability. This enhances the potential for type I collagen gels to be used as scaffolds for tissue engineering.; Photo-cross-linking of type I collagen gels in the presence of smooth muscle cells: Mechanical properties, cell viability, and function"
000184541100005	X	"This paper describes an approach for fabricating multi-layer microfluidic systems from a combination of glass and plastic materials. Methods and characterization results for the microfabrication technologies underlying the process flow are presented. The approach is used to fabricate and characterize multi-layer plastic/glass microfluidic systems containing electrical and mechanical functionality. Hot embossing, heat staking of plastics, injection molding, microstenciling of electrodes, and stereolithography were combined with conventional MEMS fabrication techniques to realize the multi-layer systems. The approach enabled the integration of multiple plastic/glass materials into a single monolithic system, provided a solution for the integration of electrical functionality throughout the system, provided a mechanism for the inclusion of microactuators such as micropumps/valves, and provided an interconnect technology for interfacing fluids and electrical components between the micro system and the macro world.; Multi-layer plastic/glass microfluidic systems containing electrical and mechanical functionality"
000184567300265	X	"Single cell manipulation and analysis using dielectrophoresis (DEP) and micro electrical impedance spectroscopy (mu-EIS) has been demonstrated on bovine chromaffin cells and red blood cells. Cells were manipulated and analyzed on a micro scale electrophysiological analysis system fabricated using micromachining (e.g. MEMS) technologies. Cells were injected into a microreservoir and collected for mu-EIS analysis using vacuum and DEP. Impedance measurements were taken over a frequency range of 40 Hz to 3.0 MHz. The data obtained for the cells was compared to data obtained for air, and phosphate buffered solution. Data for chromaffin cells was analyzed further, assessing cell size and calcium ion channel activity in relation to impedance spectroscopy.; A micro system using dielectrophoresis and electrical impedance spectroscopy for cell manipulation and analysis"
000184567300330	X	"A multi-layer plastic / glass technology has been developed for microfluidic systems with integrated functionality. Hot embossing and heat staking of plastics, microstenciling of electrodes, and stereolithography (SLA) was combined with conventional MEMS fabrication techniques to realize the system. The approach enables the use of multiple plastic / glass materials in a single system, provides a solution for the integration of electrical functionality throughout the system, provides a mechanism for the inclusion of microvalves, and provides an interconnect technology for interfacing fluids and electrical components between the macro and the micro worlds.; A multi-layer plastic/glass technology for microfluidic systems with integrated functionality"
000184983700009	X	"Progress in tissue-engineering research has renewed optimism about the possibility of constructing a physiologically functional blood vessel substitute in the laboratory. To this end, we have explored the use of defined mechanical stimulation to further the development of vascular tissue analogs. We now report our findings on smooth muscle cell and fibroblast-seeded collagen constructs exposed to 10% cyclic strain for 4 or 8 days. Our results demonstrate that 4-day strained constructs exhibit an enhancement of mechanical properties, likely through the remodeling actions of matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2). Strain-stimulated expression of NIMP-2 is accompanied by alterations in elastin and collagen gene expression. In the context of tissue engineering a blood vessel construct, we report that strain-stimulated regulation of MMP-2 activity could have a favorable impact on the structural development of the constructs whereas overexpression of MMP-2 during prolonged exposure to strain (8 days) could have adverse consequences on the structural integrity of the tissue analogs. Taken together, these results illustrate the importance of mechanical stimulus as a major regulatory component of tissue-engineered blood vessel remodeling.; Mechanical strain-stimulated remodeling of tissue-engineered blood vessel constructs"
000185074200123	X	"In a two-market genetic algorithm applied to a constrained optimization problem, two 'markets' are maintained. One market establishes fitness in terms of the objective function only; the other market measures fitness in terms of the problem constraints only. Previous work on knapsack problems has shown promise for the two-market approach. In this paper we: (1) extend the investigation of two-market GAs to nonlinear optimization, (2) introduce a new, two-population variant on the two-market idea, and (3) report on experiments with the two-population, two-market GA that help explain how and why it works.; Exploring a two-population genetic algorithm"
000185104800007	X	"We report a novel combinatorial methodology for characterizing the effects of polymer surface features on cell function. Libraries containing hundreds to thousands of distinct chemistries, microstructures, and roughnesses are prepared using composition spread and temperature gradient techniques. The method enables orders of magnitude increases in discovery rate, decreases variance, and allows for the first time high-throughput assays of cell response to physical and chemical surface features. The technique overcomes complex variable spaces that limit development of biomaterial surfaces for control of cell function. This report demonstrates these advantages by investigating the sensitivity of osteoblasts to the chemistry, microstructure, and roughness of poly(D,L-lactide) and poly(epsilon-caprolactone tone) blends. In particular, we use the phenomenon of heat-induced phase separation in these polymer mixtures to generate libraries with diverse surface features, followed by culture of UMR-106 and MC3T3-E1 osteoblasts on the libraries. Surface features produced at a specific composition and process temperature range were discovered to enhance dramatically alkaline phosphatase expression in both cell lines, not previously observed for osteoblasts on polymer blends.; Combinatorial characterization of cell interactions with polymer surfaces"
000185400400054	X	"Treatment with antimetabolites results in chemically induced low nucleoside triphosphate pools and cell cycle arrest in exponentially growing cells. Since steady-state levels of hepatitis C virus (HCV) replicon RNA were shown to be dependent on exponential growth of Huh-7 cells, the effects of antimetabolites for several nucleoside biosynthesis pathways on cell growth and HCV RNA levels were investigated. A specific anti-HCV replicon effect was defined as (i) minimal interference with the exponential cell growth, (ii) minimal reduction in cellular host RNA levels, and (iii) reduction of the HCV RNA copy number per cell compared to that of the untreated control. While most antimetabolites caused a cytostatic effect on cell growth, only inhibitors of the de novo pyrimidine ribonucleoside biosynthesis mimicked observations seen in confluent replicon cells, i.e., cytostasis combined with a sharp decrease in replicon copy number per cell. These results suggest that high levels of CTP and UTP are critical parameters for maintaining the steady-state level replication of HCV replicon in Huh-7 cells.; Dynamics of subgenomic hepatitis C virus replicon RNA levels in Huh-7 cells after exposure to nucleoside antimetabolites"
000185597600004	X	"We discuss in this paper statistical inference of sample average approximations of multistage stochastic programming problems. We show that any random sampling scheme provides a valid statistical lower bound for the optimal (minimum) value of the true problem. However, in order for such lower bound to be consistent one needs to employ the conditional sampling procedure. We also indicate that fixing a feasible first-stage solution and then solving the sampling approximation of the corresponding (T - 1)-stage problem, does not give a valid statistical upper bound for the optimal value of the true problem.; Inference of statistical bounds for multistage stochastic programming problems"
000185639400007	X	"A mercury (Hg) saturation assay for measuring metallothionein (MT) in fish liver was modified by optimizing binding conditions to minimize the mercury and tissue consumed. The revised method uses stable Hg at low concentrations instead of Hg-203. At the reduced Hg concentrations used, NIT concentrations in livers homogenized in saline appeared to increase systematically with dilution in both bluegill sunfish (Lepomis macrochirus) and largemouth bass (Micropterus salmoides). This error suggested a binding limitation due to sulfhydryl oxidation or competition for and removal of mercury by non-MT proteins. Homogenizing tissues in trichloroacetic acid (TCA) eliminated the interference. To further evaluate the method, the protocol was tested in the laboratory and field. Metallothionein in bluegill injected with 0.6 mg/kg zinc chloride increased at a rate of 0.03 nmole MT/g liver/ h (r(2) = 0.53, p = 0.001). Linearity improved when data were corrected for protein content (r(2) = 0.74, p < 0.0001). Metallothionein levels in bluegill from a coal ash-contaminated environment were significantly increased over that of hatchery-reared sunfish (F = 20.17, p = 0.0003). The microscaled procedure minimizes concerns related to radioisotope use and waste generation while retaining the high sensitivity of the Hg-203 assay.; A microscaled mercury saturation assay for metallothionein in fish"
000185722100276	X	"Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) technology can be utilized for-the fabrication of magnetic structures in multiple frequency ranges, ranging from. low-megahertz metal-core devices for dc-dc converters to high-frequency dielectric or air core devices for RF application. These devices can also be fabricated in multiple locations: integral with silicon chips, in the interconnect layer between chip and board, and directly on the printed wiring board, in order to yield ultracompact magnetic microsystems. This paper describes examples of each of these fabrication approaches: high-frequency dielectric-core inductors for CMOS power amplifiers integrated on-chip, high-frequency air-core inductors fabricated within the interconnect layer between chip and board, and low-frequency metal-core inductors for dc-dc power conversion.; MEMS technology for the fabrication of RF magnetic components"
000185760300038	X	"A quantitative analysis of cell adhesion is essential in understanding physiological phenomena and designing biomaterials, implant surfaces, and tissue-engineering scaffolds. The most common cell adhesion assays used to evaluate biomaterial surfaces lack sensitivity and reproducibility and/or require specialized equipment and skill-intensive operation. We describe a modified centrifugation cell adhesion assay that uses simple and convenient techniques with standard laboratory equipment and provides reliable, quantitative measurements of cell adhesion. This centrifugation assay applies controlled and uniform detachment forces to a large population of adherent cells, providing robust statistics for quantifying cell adhesion. The applicability of this system to the design and characterization of biomaterial surfaces is shown by evaluating cell adhesion on substrates using different coating proteins, cell types, seeding times, and relative centrifugal forces (RCF). Results verify that this centrifugation cell adhesion assay represents a simple, convenient, and standard method for high-throughput characterization of a variety of biomaterial surfaces and conditions. (C) 2003 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; A centrifugation cell adhesion assay for high-throughput screening of biomaterial surfaces"
000185862400014	X	"A novel micro-electromechanical system (MEMS) package has been developed based on modular, reconfigurable components such as substrate, cap, bond region and through-wafer. electrical interconnect (TWEI). The paper presents,, the details of the process for the. fabrication of high density, high. aspect ratio TWEIs that includes deep dry etching holes through the substrate, depositing an insulation layer and depositing a conductive layer. Two different processes to make the TWEI have been developed: Post-Process where the TWEI is fabricated after the fabrication of MEMS devices and Pre-Process where the TWEI is fabricated before the fabrication of MEMS device. For both processes, the interconnect holes are created by an, anisotropic. etching process-m-inductively coupled plasma (ICP) etching. For the post-process, a silicon dioxide layer was deposited in a plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) chamber to insulate the interconnect holes. For the pre-process, the PECVD process was replaced with a thermal oxide growth step to ensure. a more conformal oxide coating. Three different ways to deposit a conductive layer after deposition of an insulation layer, have been practiced: sputtering Cu, electroplating Cu and low-pressure chemical vapor deposition (LPCVD) of phosphorus. doped polysilicon. The electrical performance of the TWEIs achieved in each way was measured, analyzed and discussed.; High density, high aspect ratio through-wafer electrical interconnect vias for MEMS packaging"
000186009100005	X	"The family Polydnaviridae consists of ds-DNA viruses that are symbiotically associated with certain parasitoid wasps. PDVs are transmitted vertically but also are injected by wasps into hosts where they cause several physiological alterations including immunosuppression. The PDV genes responsible for mediating immunosuppression and other host alterations remain poorly characterized in large measure because viral mutants cannot be produced to study gene function. Here we report the use of RNA interference (RNAi) to specifically silence the glc1.8 and egf1.0 genes from Microplitis demolitor bracoviruis (MdBV) in High Five cells derived from the lepidopteran Trichoplusia ni. Dose-response studies indicated that MdBV infects High Five cells and blocks the ability of these cells to adhere to culture plates. This response was very similar to what occurs in two classes of hemocytes, granular cells, and plasmatocytes, after infection by MdBV. Screening, of monoclonal antibody (mAb) markers that distinguish different classes of lepidopteran hemocytes indicated that High Five cells cross-react with three mAbs that recognize granular cells from T. ni. Double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) complementary to glc1.8 specifically silenced glc1.8 expression and rescued the adhesive phenotype of High Five cells. Reciprocally, dsRNA complementary to egf1.0 silenced egf1.0 expression but had no effect on adhesion. The simplicity and potency of RNAi could be extremely useful for analysis of other PDV genes. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.; RNA interference silences Microplitis demolitor bracovirus genes and implicates glc1.8 in disruption of adhesion in infected host cells"
000186118400001	X	Launching TESNA: The Tissue Engineering Society North America
000186244700036	X	"Four polymeric materials were tested for developing high-aspect ratio photomask on silicon wafer. A 166 mum thick mask was successfully made using spin-on epoxy. It showed good adhesion to silicon dioxide, good chemical stability towards common organic solvents and excellent mechanical strength. A procedure for removing it from the wafer has been also developed. (C) 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; High-aspect ratio permanent photomask for solid-state chemical sensing array"
000186330500082	X	"This paper explores a novel technique for monitoring film thickness in reactive ion etching that incorporates a micromachined sensor. The prototype sensor correlates film thickness with the change in resonant frequency that occurs in the micromachined platform during etching. The platform is suspended over a drive electrode on the surface of the substrate and electrically excited into resonance. As material is etched from the platform, its resonant vibrational frequency shifts by an amount proportional to the amount of material etched, allowing etched rate to be inferred. One challenge in this approach is the small current signals that must be sensed to locate the resonance condition. A possible means to circumvent this issue is to place the platform at the input of an autozeroing floating gate amplifier (AFGA). Use of the AFGA circuit will facilate high sensitivity to the changes in capacitance during etching. In this paper, the micromachined sensor is simulated using ANSYS 7.0. ANSYS simulation shows a direct correlation between platform film thickness and resonant frequency, as well as between the platform thickness and its capacitance Modeling the sensor as a variable capacitor in the AFGA circuit using HSPICE reveals that the deflections of the platform are amplified as expected.; An integrated MEMS sensor for real time control of plasma etching"
000186547400013	X	"A recent study showed that for a liquid bridge of volume V-o interposed between two half-spaces and originally separated by uniform gap H, the interface stability was determined by a single dimensionless parameter. When the parameter exceeds a certain value, the interface loses stability and the solid surfaces come into contact. Further, once contact is made, the contact zone will continue to spread without bound. In the present work, the interaction between two curved elastic bodies coupled via a small liquid bridge is investigated. The equilibrium configurations are determined by minimizing the total free energy stored in the interface among all provisional equilibrium configurations; i.e., those configurations consistent with the equations of elasticity and capillarity. In the case of curved bodies, the stability of the interface is governed by the above parameter as well as by a dimensionless ratio involving the liquid volume (V-o), the composite radius (R) and the original (undeformed) minimum sphere-sphere separation (H). When the interface becomes unstable, solid-solid separation cannot be sustained and contact ensues. The resulting solid-solid contact radius is found to depend on the above parameters as well as on the ratio of solid-liquid and liquid-air surface energies. Based on the numerical calculations, simple relations are found between the contact radius and the other relevant parameters.; A micro-scale liquid bridge between two elastic spheres: Deformation and stability"
000186691600014	X	"Given a set of m resources and n tasks, the dynamic capacity acquisition and assignment problem seeks a minimum cost schedule of capacity acquisitions for the resources and the assignment of resources to tasks, over a given planning horizon of T periods. This problem arises, for example, in the integrated planning of locations and capacities of distribution centers (DCs), and the assignment of customers to the DCs, in supply chain applications. We consider the dynamic capacity acquisition and assignment problem in an environment where the assignment costs and the processing requirements for the tasks are uncertain. Using a scenario based approach, we develop a stochastic integer programming model for this problem. The highly non-convex nature of this model prevents the application of standard stochastic programming decomposition algorithms. We use a recently developed decomposition based branch-and-bound strategy for the problem. Encouraging preliminary computational results are provided.; Dynamic capacity acquisition and assignment under uncertainty"
000186727700012	X	"A model shed antigen, ovalbumin (OVA), was co-delivered with polymeric biomaterial carrier vehicles in C57BL6 mice to test whether the presence of the biomaterial acted as an adjuvant in the immune response towards the associated antigen. The biomaterials tested were non-biodegradable polystyrene microparticles and biodegradable 50:50 or 75:25 poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) microparticles or scaffolds. For each biomaterial carrier vehicle, to assess the resulting time-dependent systemic humoral immune response towards the co-delivered OVA, the OVA-specific IgG concentration and isotypes (IgG2a or IgG1, indicating a predominant Th1 or Th2 response, respectively) were determined using ELISA. OVA co-delivered with biomaterial carrier vehicles supported a moderate humoral immune response that was maintained for the 18-week duration of the experiment. This humoral immune response was primarily Th2 helper T cell-dependent as indicated by the predominant IgG1 isotype. Furthermore, this humoral immune response was not material chemistry-dependent within the material set tested here. With the presence of the biomaterial resulting in an enhancement of the humoral immune response to co-delivered antigen, it appears that the biomaterial acts as an adjuvant in the development of an adaptive immune response to co-delivered antigen. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Humoral immune responses to model antigen co-delivered with biomaterials used in tissue engineering"
000186926501137	X	Critical issues in vascular tissue engineering
000187564100006	X	"Robust-optimization models belong to a special class of stochastic programs, where the traditional expected cost minimization objective is replaced by one that explicitly addresses cost variability. This paper explores robust optimization in the context of two-stage planning systems. We show that, under arbitrary measures for variability, the robust optimization approach might lead to suboptimal solutions to the second-stage planning problem. As a result, the variability of the second-stage costs may be underestimated, thereby defeating the intended purpose of the model. We propose sufficient conditions on the variability measure to remedy this problem. Under the proposed conditions, a robust optimization model can be efficiently solved using a variant of the L-shaped decomposition algorithm for traditional stochastic linear programs. We apply the proposed framework to standard stochastic-programming test problems and to an application that arises in auctioning excess electric power.; On robust optimization of two-stage systems"
000187634600004	X	"Spinner-flask bioreactors have been used for the production of articular cartilage in vitro. The dynamic environment within bioreactors is known to significantly affect the growth and development of the tissue. The present research focuses on the experimental and numerical characterization of the flow field within a spinner flask operating under conditions used to produce cartilage. Laboratory experiments carried out in a scaled-up model bioreactor employ particle-image velocimetry (PIV) to determine velocity and shear-rate fields in the vicinity of the construct closest to the stir bar, in addition to turbulence properties. Numerical computations calculated using FLUENT, a commercial software package, simulate the flow field in the same model bioreactor under similar operating conditions. In the computations, scaffolds were modeled as both solid and porous media with different permeabilities and flow rates through various faces of the construct nearest the stir bar were examined. (C) 2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Fluid mechanics of a spinner-flask bioreactor"
000187717600049	X	"Solar cell efficiencies of 18.2 and 17.8% were achieved on edge-defined film-fed grown and string ribbon multicrystalline silicon, respectively. Improved understanding and hydrogenation of defects in ribbon materials contributed to the significant increase in bulk lifetime from 1-5 mus to as high as 90-100 mus during cell processing. It was found that SiNx-induced defect hydrogenation in these ribbon materials takes place within one second at 740-750degreesC. The bulk lifetime decreases at annealing temperatures above 750 degreesC or annealing times above one second due to the enhanced dissociation of the hydrogenated defects coupled with the decrease in hydrogen supply from the SiNx film deposited by plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition. (C) 2004 American Institute of Physics.; High-efficiency solar cells on edge-defined film-fed grown (18.2%) and string ribbon (17.8%) silicon by rapid thermal processing"
000187917804614	X	Biomedical nanotechnology: From nanoprobes in molecular imaging to nanoscaffolds in tissue engineering.
000188549500006	X	"One approach to process design with uncertain parameters is to formulate a stochastic MINLP. When there are many uncertain parameters, the number of samples becomes unmanageably large and computing the solution to the MINLP can be difficult and very time consuming. In this paper, two new algorithms (the optimality gap method (OGM) and the confidence level method (CLM)) are presented for solving convex stochastic MINLPs. At each iteration, the sample average approximation method is applied to the NLP sub-problem and MILP master problem. A smaller sample size problem is solved multiple times with different batches of i.i.d. samples to make decisions and a larger sample size problem (with continuous/discrete decision variables fixed) is solved to re-evaluate the objective values. In the first algorithm, the sample sizes are iteratively increased until the optimality gap intervals of the upper and lower bound are within a pre-specified tolerance. Instead of requiring a small optimality gap, the second algorithm uses tight bounds for comparing the objective values of NLP sub-problems and weak bounds for cutting off solutions in the MILP master problems, hence the confidence of finding the optimal discrete solution can be adjusted by the parameter used to tighten and weaken the bounds. The case studies show that the algorithms can significantly reduce the computational time required to find a solution with a given degree of confidence. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Sample average approximation methods for stochastic MINLPs"
000188844000004	X	"Objective: Various strategies have been tested to direct and control matrix synthesis in tissue engineered cartilage, including mechanical stimulation of the construct both before and after implantation. This study examined the effects of oscillatory compression on chondrocytes in a fibrin-based tissue engineered cartilage. Design: Chondrocyte-seeded fibrin gels were cultured under unconfined mechanical compression for 10 or 20 days (free-swelling, 10% static, or 10+/-4% at 0.1 or 1 Hz). During the culture period, accumulation of nitrite, sGAG, and proteolytic enzymes in the culture media were monitored. Following culture, the mechanical stiffness and biochemical content of the gels (DNA, sGAG, and hydroxyproline content and GAG A-disaccharide composition) were assessed. Results: Compared to free-swelling conditions, static compression had little effect on the mechanical stiffness or biochemical content of the gels. Compared to static compression, oscillatory compression produced softer gels, inhibited sGAG and hydroxyproline accumulation in the gels, and stimulated accumulation of nitrite and sGAG in the culture media. Minimal differences were observed in DNA content and Delta-disaccharide composition across treatment conditions. Conclusions: In this study, oscillatory compression inhibited formation of cartilage-like tissues by chondrocytes in fibrin gels. These results suggest that the effects of mechanical stimuli on tissue engineered cartilage may vary substantially between different scaffold systems. (C) 2003 OsteoArthritis Research Society International. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Dynamic compression of chondrocyte-seeded fibrin gels: effects on matrix accumulation and mechanical stiffness"
000188863900005	X	"The engineering of biological substitutes and strategies for the replacement and/or repair of blood vessels and the components of the heart represents an important challenge for tissue engineering. In this review, the progress to date and the barriers remaining are addressed. Even though the progress has been considerable and there are even some approaches that have entered clinical trials, we are still a ways off from having FDA-approved replacements and/or repair strategies.; The tissue engineering of blood vessels and the heart"
000188872400001	X	"[1] In this study we use fuzzy sets to describe uncertainty in aquifer parameters and demonstrate the use of this information in optimal design of pump-and-treat systems. On the basis of uncertainty in aquifer parameters, two optimization models are formulated, where pumping rates are represented as either deterministic or fuzzy decision variables. Both models with fuzzy constants and fuzzy variables are then transformed into computationally efficient algorithms through the application of fuzzy set theory. The resulting models are solved by optimization algorithms such as golden section search, genetic algorithm (GA), and direct comparison methods. Several examples are given to demonstrate the effectiveness of the models and algorithms presented in this study. The numerical results, which are also compared with the results obtained from probabilistic analysis, show that the optimal solutions obtained from both models provide flexible and reliable pump-and-treat strategies and may increase the effectiveness of the remediation system under uncertainty.; Optimal design of groundwater remediation systems using fuzzy set theory"
000189028600021	X	"Rat smooth muscle cells (SMCs) stably transfected with the gene for the phenotype regulating protein cyclic guanosine monophosphate-dependent protein kinase (PKG) were used as a cell source in the preparation of three-dimensional (3D) collagen type I vascular constructs. PKG-transfected cells expressed severalfold higher levels of the contractile protein smooth muscle alpha-actin (SMA), relative to untransfected SMCs, both in monolayer culture and in 3D gels. The proliferation rate of PKG-transfected cells was lower than that of untransfected cells in both culture geometries. Three-dimensional collagen constructs made with PKG-transfected cells compacted to a similar degree as those made with untransfected cells, and this compaction could be augmented by biochemical stimulation with platelet-derived growth factor BB (PDGF) or transforming growth factor beta(1) (TGF). Application of cyclic mechanical strain to tubular collagen gels seeded with PKG-transfected cells resulted in a higher degree of gel compaction and circumferential matrix alignment, relative to statically grown controls, but cell proliferation and SMA expression were not affected. These results show that genetic modification of SMCs can be used as a tool to control cell function in vascular tissue engineering, and that the function of such cells can be further modulated by application of biochemical and mechanical stimulation.; Genetic modification of smooth muscle cells to control phenotype and function in vascular tissue engineering"
000189081800012	X	"This paper reports on a new class of high-Q single-crystal silicon (SCS) resonators that are piezoelectrically actuated and sensed, and have voltage-tunable center frequencies. The resonating element is made out of the SCS device layer of a SOI wafer. In a unique manner, piezoelectric transduction was integrated with capacitive fine-tuning of the resonator center frequencies to compensate for any process variations. Quality factor as high as 6200 was measured for the 1.7 MHz first resonance mode of a clamped-clamped beam resonator in 50 mTorr vacuum. Higher order modes of the fabricated resonators were also successfully actuated and demonstrated quality factors larger than 2000 (under vacuum) at frequencies approaching 17 MHz. A 6 kHz tuning range was measured for a 719 kHz resonator by applying a dc voltage in the range of 0-20 V. (C) 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Voltage-tunable piezoelectrically-transduced single-crystal silicon micromechanical resonators"
000189095200002	X	"Delamination of intrinsically or residually stressed thin films is commonly encountered in microelectronics and MEMS systems. Knowledge of the interfacial fracture toughness (F) is necessary to predict if delamination will occur. A new approach based on the decohesion test, called the modified decohesion test (MDT), eliminates shortcomings of current testing methods. In this approach, a highly stressed superlayer is used to drive delamination and produce any mode mix at the crack tip. Since the deformations remain elastic, a mechanics-based solution can be used to correlate test parameters to the energy release rate. Common IC fabrication techniques are used to prepare the sample and execute the test, thereby making the test compatible with current microelectronic or MEMS facilities. MDT uses the change in crack surface area to vary the available energy per unit area for crack growth and thus to bound the interfacial fracture toughness. Therefore, this technique uses a single sample to measure the interfacial fracture toughness, as opposed to the decohesion test that uses several samples to be able to bound the interfacial fracture toughness. Other modifications allow application of the method to highly chemically reactive metals and decrease the sample preparation time. Design, preparation, and execution of the MDT are discussed. Finite element model results of MDT sites are used to validate the approach. Preliminary results of the test show that for a Ti/alumina interface, at a mode mixity of -14.5degrees, the interfacial fracture toughness is greater than 34 J/m(2) and for a Ti/Si interface, at a mode mixity of 23degrees, the interfacial fracture toughness is 8.9 J/m(2) less than or equal to Gamma(23degrees) less than or equal to 9.89 J/m(2). (C) 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Interfacial fracture toughness measurement for thin film interfaces"
000189115600004	X	"This work is motivated by the need to solve the inventory routing problem when implementing a business practice called vendor managed inventory replenishment (VMI). With VMI, vendors monitor their customers' inventories and decide when and how much inventory should be replenished at each customer. The inventory routing problem attempts to coordinate inventory replenishment and transportation in such a way that the cost is minimized over the long run. We formulate a Markov decision process model of the stochastic inventory routing problem and propose approximation methods to find good solutions with reasonable computational effort. We indicate how the proposed approach can be used for other Markov decision processes involving the control of multiple resources.; Dynamic programming approximations for a stochastic inventory routing problem"
000189277200017	X	"In this work, conductive, composite propellant-type, solid fuels are introduced and characterized for use in microactuators. Ignition was achieved with ammonium perchlorate-based fuels by passing electrical current through solid fuel compositions containing 20 vol. % graphite powder. Feasibility of this fuel is also demonstrated with the ignition of preliminary combustors. The fuels tested consist of ammonium nitrate, ammonium perchlorate, or sodium azide as the main fuel component, hydroxyl terminated polybutadiene or glycidyl azide polymer as the binder, various rate modifying additives including magnesium powder and submicron-sized aluminum powder, as well as graphite powder, which enables the fuel to become conductive. The resultant fuel mixture serves to simplify device fabrication by allowing ignition to occur by passing current directly through the fuel sample from two MEMS fabricated electrodes as opposed to relying on the transfer of heat from external or imbedded igniters. Results of burn time and conductivity testing indicate that the addition of approximately 20% graphite by volume enables conventional composite propellants to become conductive. Also, the addition of graphite roughly doubles the overall decomposition time in fuels containing hydroxyl terminated polybutadiene and only slightly increases overall decomposition time in fuels containing glycidyl azide polymer. (C) 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Solid-phase conductive fuels for chemical microactuators"
000189395300880	X	"Multielectrode arrays (MEAs) have emerged as a leading technology for extracellular neural recording and stimulation. Their large number of recording sites promises to yield important insight into neural systems. As the density of recording sites increases, interfacing to each electrode becomes increasingly difficult. Introducing electronics onto the MEA substrate provides a technique for preliminary signal conditioning to take place at the MEA itself, reducing the complexity of off-package electronics. This paper introduces a custom MEA system with integrated preamplifiers. MEA fabrication, cell-culturing, and electrical performance are discussed.; A custom multielectrode array with integrated low-noise preamplifiers"
000189396100025	X	"Lumped-constant simulation of microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) is performed by solving numerically systems of coupled ordinary differential equations expressing Kirchhoff's laws and those of classical mechanics. One of the challenges is to describe mathematically the dynamics of these systems in a form that is both numerically stable and computationally efficient. The goal of this paper is to show that the representation of rigid-body dynamics based on the Euler parameters satisfies these requirements: it can describe arbitrary three-dimensional motion, its numerical stability properties are superior to those of other more frequently used parametrizations, and it can be implemented in a simulator in an efficient manner using so-called element stamps.; Three-dimensional MEMS simulation using Euler parameters"
000189434100590	X	"The deposition of a thin film is a dynamic process that is complex and subject to unknown disturbances. When the dynamics and final material properties are dominated by atomic scale phenomena, it is difficult to apply existing optimization and control tools to improve process repeatibility and to optimize the resulting material properties. Currently, feedback loops are used to control sensed quantities, and optimization has been applied to macroscopic reactor conditions like fluid flow. Ultimately, one would like to directly control the material properties that determine the performance of an integrated circuit or MEMS device, even when the property of interest is not directly measured. In this paper an integrated control strategy is applied to an atomic scale kinetic Monte Carlo simulation of thin film deposition. A model reduction approach developed previously for Monte Carlo simulations is used in the design of the control strategy. An input temperature profile that minimizes interface roughness is computed with a gradient optimization, and estimators are designed to infer surface roughness from a measurement of the density of steps. A proportional-integral feedback controller is then sufficient to control surface roughness in the presence of input noise, input offset, and uncertainty in the initial surface configuration.; Optimization, estimation, and control for kinetic Monte Carlo simulations of thin film deposition"
000189435200124	X	"This paper presents a micromachined SU-8 combustor for the ignition and reaction of solid conductive fuels. Solid fuels can be made conductive by doping the fuel with conductive powder. The conductive solid fuel serves to simplify device fabrication by allowing ignition to occur by passing current directly through the fuel sample from two MEMS-fabricated electrodes as opposed to relying on the transfer of heat from external or imbedded igniters. An array of high-aspect-ratio electrodes were patterned from SU-8 by multiple-exposure. The devices were filled with 3.97 mm(3) of graphite-doped conductive Glycidyl-Azide-Polymer (GAP). Nozzles with varying sizes are fitted on the microcombustors. Approximately 600mN was generated within 20ms. The easy fabrication and low cost/weight of these microcombustors or gas generators lend themselves to disposable, one-use, or short duration applications.; Polymeric microcombustors for solid-phase conductive fuels"
000189447400010	X	"A micro grating interferometer has been fabricated to use in measuring the dynamic performance of MEMS devices. The system uses a phase sensitive diffraction grating for interferometric axial resolution and a microfabricated lens for improved lateral response. Early experimental results using a non-deformable grating interferometer show that both the transient and steady state vibration of MEMS devices can be measured and mapped using the micro interferometer. These initial results also reveal vibrational noise and sample alignment problems. To avoid these obstacles and to maximize the sensitivity of the interferometer, a PID control unit is introduced. Analysis has been performed on the interferometer system to improve the controller design. A deformable grating interferometer has also been fabricated using microfabrication techniques and tested to show proper range of actuation under DC bias. This grating also demonstrates the ability to maintain a high sensitivity during operation.; Deformable diffraction grating for scanning micro interferometer arrays"
000189505700013	X	"This work explores novel material synthesis routes towards reworkable nano-dimensional interfaces for IC-package assembly, leading to bumpless and nano interconnections. Reworkability is addressed by a thin interface of lead-free high-strength solders. Two approaches, sol-gel process and electroless plating, were used to achieve these nano-dimensional bonding interfaces. In the sol-gel process, metal-organic polymer solutions were heat-treated in a reducing atmosphere at 400degreesC to form lead-free solders (Sn-Ag-Cu). In the electroless plating approach, lead-free alloy films were deposited from aqueous plating solutions consisting of suitable metal salts and reducing agents. This process was done at temperatures of 45degreesC. The lead-free solder composition was controlled by altering the plating bath formulation. Solder films formed from both the above approaches were demonstrated to bond copper pads. Solution-derived nanosolder technology is an attractive low-cost method for bumpless nano-interconnects and other applications such as MEMS hermetic packaging and compliant interconnect bonding.; Material synthesis routes for thin film bonding interfaces in reworkable and bumpless nano-interconnects"
000189505700021	X	"The successful use of the Design of Experiments (DOE) and Response Surface Modeling (RSM) approaches in an optimization study for a multilayer interdigitated passband filter is presented. The medium of interest is Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) and the frequency band is in the 60 GHz range. The two figures of merit chosen are the resonating frequeney f(o) and the quality factor Q with the optimization goals of f(o) = 60 GHz and maximum Q. The electromagnetic performance of the filter is determined with a Method of Moments commercial simulator. The results of these simulations are incorporated into DOE and RSM techniques, statistical models are developed for the two output variables, and then applied to optimize the filter. The effectiveness of the method is compared to that of the Genetic Algorithm (GA) optimization.; Fast hybrid electromagnetic/statistical approach for design and optimization of RF systems and packages"
000189505700032	X	"This paper presents a novel low-temperature process that combines high-aspect-ratio polymer structures with electroless copper plating to create laterally compliant MEMS structures. These structures are evaluated as IC-package interconnects that can lead to reliable, low-cost and high-performance nano wafer-level packaging. High-aspect-ratio low CTE polyimide structures with low stress, high toughness and strength were fabricated using plasma etching, This dry etching process was tuned to yield a wall angle above 80 degrees leading to an aspect ratio higher than 4. The etching process also leads to roughened sidewalls for selective electroless plating on the sidewalls of the polymer structures. Simulations of these fabricated structures show tremendous reduction in the stresses at the interfaces and superior reliability as IC-package nano interconnects. Metal-coated polymer structures from MEMS fabrication techniques can provide low-cost high-performance solutions for wafer-level-packaging.; High aspect ratio metal-polymer composite structures for nano interconnects"
000202897200677	X	"Co80Pt20 cylindrical magnets (height, h= 2 mu m and diameter, Phi = 5 mu m and 10 mu m) have been succesfully fabricated by electroplating through resist mask onto Cu(1 1 1) seed layer, at current density of 30 mA/cm(2). Strong perpendicular magnetic anisotropy was observed owing to the large magnetocrystalline anisotropy, which yielded high perpendicular coercivity (4.7 kOe or 374 kA/m) and retentivity (6.2 kG or 0.62 T). Large energy product (6.52 MGOe or 52 kJ/ m(3)) was achieved which compares favorably with that of bulk ferrites, rendering these structures potential candidates for hard magnetic componenets in MEMS. (C) 2004 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.; Electrodeposited Co-Pt micron-size magnets with strong perpendicular magnetic anisotropy for MEMS applications"
000202993501065	X	Towards functional analysis of putative parasitism genes in Heterodera glycines using RNA interference
000203924600001	X	"The New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services (NJDHSS), with support from the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) conducted an epidemiological study of childhood leukaemia and nervous system cancers that occurred in the period 1979 through 1996 in Dover Township, Ocean County, New Jersey. The epidemiological study explored a wide variety of possible risk factors, including environmental exposures. ATSDR and NJDHSS determined that completed human exposure pathways to groundwater contaminants occurred in the past through private and community water supplies (i.e. the water distribution system serving the area). To investigate this exposure, a model of the water distribution system was developed and calibrated through an extensive field investigation. The components of this water distribution system, such as number of pipes, number of tanks, and number of supply wells in the network, changed significantly over a 35-year period (1962-1996), the time frame established for the epidemiological study. Data on the historical management of this system was limited. Thus, it was necessary to investigate alternative ways to reconstruct the operation of the system and test the sensitivity of the system to various alternative operations. Manual reconstruction of the historical water supply to the system in order to provide this sensitivity analysis was time-consuming and labour intensive, given the complexity of the system and the time constraints imposed on the study. To address these issues, the problem was formulated as an optimization problem, where it was assumed that the water distribution system was operated in an optimum manner at all times to satisfy the constraints in the system. The solution to the optimization problem provided the historical water supply strategy in a consistent manner for each month of the study period. The non-uniqueness of the selected historical water supply strategy was addressed by the formulation of a second model, which was based on the first solution. Numerous other sensitivity analyses were also conducted using these two models. Both models are solved using a two-stage progressive optimality algorithm along with genetic algorithms (GAs) and the EPANET2 water distribution network solver. This process reduced the required solution time and generated a historically consistent water supply strategy for the water distribution system.; Optimal reconstruction of historical water supply to a distribution system: A. Methodology"
000203924600002	X	"In a recently completed case-control epidemiological study, the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services (NJDHSS) with support from the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) documented an association between prenatal exposure to a specific contaminated community water source and leukaemia in female children. An important and necessary step in the epidemiological study was the reconstruction of the historical water supply strategy of the water distribution system serving the Dover Township area, New Jersey. The sensitivity of solutions to: (1) pressure and pattern factor constraints, (2) allowable operational extremes of water levels in the storage tanks, and (3) the non-uniqueness of the water supply solution are analysed in detail. The computational results show that the proposed approach yields satisfactory results for the complete set of monthly simulations and sensitivity analyses, providing a consistent approach for identifying the historical water supply strategy of the water distribution system. Sensitivity analyses indicated that the alternative strategy obtained from the revised objective function and the variation of constraints did not yield significantly different water supply characteristics. The overall analysis demonstrates that the progressive optimality genetic algorithm (POGA) developed to solve the optimization problem is an effective and efficient algorithm for the reconstruction of water supply strategies in water distribution systems.; Optimal reconstruction of historical water supply to a distribution system: B. Applications"
000205637100001	X	"Fetal heart rate (FHR) variations reflect the level of oxygenation and blood pressure of the fetus. Electronic Fetal Monitoring (EFM), the continuous monitoring of the FHR, was introduced into clinical practice in the late 1960s and since then it has been considered as an indispensable tool for fetal surveillance. However, EFM evaluation and its merit is still an open field of controversy, mainly because it is not consistently reproducible and effective. In this work, we present a novel method based on grammatical evolution to discriminate acidemic from normal fetuses, utilizing features extracted from the FHR signal during the minutes immediately preceding delivery. The proposed method identifies linear and nonlinear correlations among the originally extracted features and creates/constructs a set of new ones, which, in turn, feed a nonlinear classifier. The classifier, which also uses a hybrid method for training, along with the constructed features was tested using a set of real data achieving an overall performance of 90% (specificity = sensitivity = 90%). (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Novel approach for fetal heart rate classification introducing grammatical evolution"
000207013200010	X	"Electrostatic forces play a central role in micro- and nanoelectromechanical systems (MEMS and NEMS) and are integral to the rapidly developing field of microfluidics. In electrostatic-elastic systems, the interaction of elastic membranes with static electric fields causes membrane deflection. This provides a reference deflection for sensors, such as humidity detectors, based on capacitive sensing. In microfluidic systems, the interaction of static electric fields with small quantities of fluid leads to droplet motion and breakup. In numerous situations of practical interest, these systems may be viewed as an elastic membrane enclosing a finite fixed volume. This volume constraint leads to a modification of the standard equations governing electrostatic-elastic interactions. In this paper, the basic equations for an idealized volume constrained system are presented and modifications to the unconstrained solution set discussed.; Modeling Constrained Capacitive Systems"
000207444400004	X	"While hundreds of novel microRNA (miRNA) genes have been discovered in the last few years alone, the origin and evolution of these non-coding regulatory sequences remain largely obscure. In this report, we demonstrate that members of a recently discovered family of human miRNA genes, hsa-mir-548, are derived from Made1 transposable elements. Made1 elements are short miniature inverted-repeat transposable elements (MITEs), which consist of two 37 base pair (bp) terminal inverted repeats that flank 6 bp of internal sequence. Thus, Made1 elements are nearly perfect palindromes, and when expressed as RNA they form highly stable hairpin loops. Apparently, these Made1-related structures are recognized by the RNA interference enzymatic machinery and processed to form 22 bp mature miRNA sequences. Consistent with their origin from MITEs, hsa-mir-548 genes are primate-specific and have many potential paralogs in the human genome. There are more than 3,500 putative hsa-mir-548 target genes; analysis of their expression profiles and functional affinities suggests cancer-related regulatory roles for hsa-mir-548. Taken together, the characteristics of Made1 elements, and MITEs in general, point to a specific mechanism for the generation of numerous small regulatory RNAs and target sites throughout the genome. The evolutionary lineage-specific nature of MITEs could also provide for the generation of novel regulatory phenotypes related to species diversification. Finally, we propose that MITEs may represent an evolutionary link between siRNAs and miRNAs.; A Family of Human MicroRNA Genes from Miniature Inverted-Repeat Transposable Elements"
000207466300001	X	"In this article, an introduction is presented about the energy harvesting technologies that have potential for powering nanosystems. Our discussion mainly focuses on the approaches other than the well-known solar cell and thermoelectrics. We mainly introduce the piezoelectric nanogenerators developed using aligned ZnO nanowire arrays. This is a potential technology for converting mechanical movement energy (such as body movement, muscle stretching, blood pressure), vibration energy (such as acoustic/ultrasonic wave), and hydraulic energy (such as flow of body fluid, blood flow, contraction of blood vessel, dynamic fluid in nature) into electric energy for self-powered nanosystems.; Energy Harvesting for Self-Powered Nanosystems"
000207861909365	X	Tuning the energy gap in graphene by oxidation
000207861909639	X	Epitaxial graphene: Potential for carbon electronics
000208164702072	X	Applications of rylene diimide containing materials for organic solar cell applications
000208189304526	X	Design and synthesis of donor-acceptor block copolymers for use in photovoltaic cells
000208189305005	X	Properties of epitaxial graphene
000208249500004	X	"Heart failure accounts for more deaths in the United States than any other detrimental human pathology. Recently, repairing the heart after seemingly irreversible injury leading to heart failure appears to have come within reach. Cellular cardiomyoplasty, transplanting viable cell alternatives into the diseased myocardium, has emerged as a promising possible solution. Translating this approach from the laboratory to the clinic, however, has been met with several challenges, leaving many questions unanswered. This review assesses the state of investigation of several progenitor cell sources, including induced pluripotent stem cells, embryonic stem cells, bone marrow stem cells, adipose-derived adult stem cells, amniotic fluid stem cells, skeletal muscle progenitors, induced pluripotent stem cells and cardiac progenitors. Several current roadblocks to maximum success are discussed. These include understanding the need for cardiomyocyte differentiation, appreciating the role of paracrine factors, and addressing the low engraftment rates using current techniques. Tissue engineering strategies to address these obstacles and to help maximize cellular cardiomyoplasty success are reviewed.; Lost in Translation: What is Limiting Cardiomyoplasty and Can Tissue Engineering Help?"
000208265900067	X	"A wide-band finite ground coplanar (FGC) interconnect up to 50 GHz for use in thermal compression bonded packages for RF MEMS devices that are used for the development of smart antennas and electronically steered phased arrays is presented in this letter. The fabrication process is compatible with standard IC fabrication techniques, and allows for simple, high-performance, and cost-effective on-chip packaging of such devices on the same substrate with the antenna elements. The measured attenuation is approximately 0.25 dB per interconnect, and is relatively constant from 2 to 50 GHz.; Wide-Band Finite Ground Coplanar (FGC) Interconnects for On-Chip Packaging of RF MEMS Switches Used in Smart Antennas and Phased Arrays"
000220003600002	X	"Knowledge diffusion is the adaptation of knowledge in a broad range of scientific and engineering research and development. Tracing knowledge diffusion between science and technology is a challenging issue due to the complexity of identifying emerging patterns in a diverse range of possible processes. In this article, we describe an approach that combines complex network theory, network visualization, and patent citation analysis in order to improve the means for the study of knowledge diffusion. In particular, we analyze patent citations in the field of tissue engineering. We emphasize that this is the beginning of a longer-term endeavor that aims to develop and deploy effective, progressive, and explanatory visualization techniques for us to capture the dynamics of the evolution of patent citation networks. The work has practical implications on resource allocation, strategic planning, and science policy.; Tracing knowledge diffusion"
000220151400035	X	"Plants with a winter growth habit flower earlier when exposed for several weeks to cold temperatures, a process called vernalization. We report here the positional cloning of the wheat vernalization gene VRN2, a dominant repressor of flowering that is down-regulated by vernalization. Loss of function of VRN2, whether by natural mutations or deletions, resulted in spring lines, which do not require vernalization to flower. Reduction of the RNA level of VRN2 by RNA interference accelerated the flowering time of transgenic winter-wheat plants by more than a month.; The wheat VRN2 gene is a flowering repressor down-regulated by vernalization"
000220224600012	X	"Synthetic and naturally derived scaffold biomaterials in combination with osteogenic cells or bioactive factors have the potential to serve as bone graft substitutes. Porous poly(l-lactide-co-dl-lactide) (PLDL) scaffolds with mechanical properties comparable to trabecular bone and an oriented, interconnected porosity designed to enhance internal mass transport were recently developed. In this study, PLDL scaffolds were seeded with rat calvarial or rat stromal cells and cultured up to 8 weeks in media containing osteogenic supplements. Cell-seeded human demineralized trabecular bone matrix (DTBM) scaffolds were included for comparison. All constructs were imaged weekly from 4 to 8 weeks using microcomputed tomography (micro-CT) to nondestructively quantify the amount and distribution of mineralized matrix formation. The total mineralized matrix volume increased with time in culture for all construct groups. DTBM constructs contained significantly more mineralized matrix than PLDL constructs. However, an analysis of the acellular DTBM scaffolds exposed to osteogenic media revealed partial remineralization of the demineralized matrix whereas no mineralization was detected in acellular PLDL scaffolds. Differences in mineral distribution were also evident with cell-mediated mineralization found throughout the PLDL constructs but localized to the periphery of the DTBM constructs for both cell types. Expression of bone marker genes indicating osteoblast differentiation was demonstrated in all groups at 8 weeks using a quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. Osteocalcin expression was significantly higher for calvarial cell constructs compared to stromal cell constructs, regardless of the type of scaffold. This study demonstrated that micro-CT imaging may be used to nondestructively and quantitatively monitor mineralization within three-dimensional scaffolds in vitro. PLDL scaffolds with an oriented microarchitecture were shown to support cell attachment, differentiation, and cell-mediated mineralization comparable to natural DTBM scaffolds. (C) 2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Quantitative microcomputed tomography analysis of mineralization within three-dimensional scaffolds in vitro"
000220237100007	X	"The objective of this paper is to describe a method for selecting optimal engine technology solution sets while simultaneously accounting for the presence of technology risk. This method uses a genetic algorithm in conjunction with technology identification, evaluation, and selection methods to find optimal combinations of technologies. The unique feature of this method is that the technology, evaluation itself is probabilistic in nature. This allows the performance impact and associated risk of each technology to be quantified in terms of a distribution on key engine technology metrics. The resulting method can best be characterized as a concurrent genetic algorithm/Monte Carlo analysis that yields a performance and risk-optimal technology solution set. This solution set is inherently a robust solution because the method will naturally strive to find those technologies representing the best compromise between performance improvement and technology risk. Finally, a practical demonstration of the method and accompanying results is given for a typical commercial aircraft engine technology selection problem.; Adaptive selection of aircraft engine technologies in the presence of risk"
000220318400002	X	"The partially observed Markov decision process (POMDP) is a generalization of a Markov decision process that allows for noise-corrupted and costly observations of the underlying system state. The value function of the finite horizon POMDP is known to be piecewise affine and convex in the probability mass vector over the state space. Such a function can be represented by a finite set of affine functions. In this paper, we develop and evaluate an exact algorithm, GAMIP, which combines a genetic algorithm and a mixed integer program to construct the minimal set of affine functions that describes the value function. Numerical results indicate that GAMIP takes up to 60% less time to construct the minimal set than does the most efficient linear programming-based exact solution method in the literature.; A hybrid genetic/optimization algorithm for finite-horizon, partially observed Markov decision processes"
000220318400006	X	"Stochastic integer programs (SIPs) represent a very difficult class of optimization problems arising from the presence of both uncertainty and discreteness in planning and decision problems. Although applications of SIPs are abundant, nothing is available by way of computational software. On the other hand, commercial software packages for solving deterministic integer programs have been around for quite a few years, and more recently, a package for solving stochastic linear programs has been released. In this paper, we describe how these software tools can be integrated and exploited for the effective solution of general-purpose SIPs. We demonstrate these ideas on four problem classes from the literature and show significant computational advantages.; On bridging the gap between stochastic integer programming and MIP solver technologies"
000220492800004	X	"The success of transdermal drug delivery has been severely limited by the inability of most drugs to enter the skin at therapeutically useful rates. Recently, the use of micron-scale needles in increasing skin permeability has been proposed and shown to dramatically increase transdennal delivery, especially for macromolecules. Using the tools of the microelectronics industry, microneedles have been fabricated with a range of sizes, shapes and materials. Most drug delivery studies have emphasized solid rnicroneedles, which have been shown to increase skin permeability to a broad range of molecules and nanoparticles in vitro. In vivo studies have demonstrated delivery of oligonucleotides, reduction of blood glucose level by insulin, and induction of immune responses from protein and DNA vaccines. For these studies, needle arrays have been used to pierce holes into skin to increase transport by diffusion or iontophoresis or as drug carriers that release drug into the skin from a nucroneedle surface coating. Hollow microneedles have also been developed and shown to microinject insulin to diabetic rats. To address practical applications of tnicroneedles, the ratio of microneedle fracture force to skin insertion force (i.e. margin of safety) seas found to be optimal for needles with small tip radius and large wall thickness. Microneedles inserted into the skin of human subjects were reported as painless. Together, these results suggest that microneedles represent a promising technology to deliver therapeutic compounds into the skin for a range of possible applications. (C) 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Microneedles for transdermal drug delivery"
000220583300005	X	"In this paper, we present a simulation-based dynamic programming method that learns the 'cost-to-go' function in an iterative manner. The method is intended to combat two important drawbacks of the conventional Model Predictive Control (MPC) formulation, which are the potentially exorbitant online computational requirement and the inability to consider the future interplay between uncertainty and estimation in the optimal control calculation. We use a nonlinear Van de Vusse reactor to investigate the efficacy of the proposed approach and identify further research issues.; Simulation-based learning of cost-to-go for control of nonlinear processes"
000220673600005	X	"Saltwater intrusion, commonly associated with extensive groundwater extraction, is an important problem for coastal regions. In this study, we present a multi-objective optimization approach to determine pumping rates and well locations to prevent saltwater intrusion, while satisfying desired extraction rates in coastal aquifers. The proposed method is an iterative sub-domain method, in which the proposed algorithm searches for the optimal solution by perturbing the well locations and pumping rates simultaneously. The decision variables of the optimization problem are modeled as continuous independent variables. Sharp interface solution for homogenous steady state problem is used along with the Dupuit and Ghyben-Herzberg assumptions. Using this approach, the direct method of searching for saltwater intrusion points is formulated by comparing the location of the stagnation points of the flow field, and the saltwater intrusion profiles obtained from the single-potential theory solution. The search for the optimal solution, within each sub-domain, is conducted using genetic algorithm. The multi-objective problem is formulated to maximize pumping rates while minimizing the distance between critical stagnation point and the reference coastline location, such that the wells are placed as closely to the coast as possible. Several numerical experiments are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed method. As a case study, the numerical results obtained from the proposed method are compared with the work of Cheng et al. [Water Resour. Res. 36 (2000) 2155]. This comparison yielded higher pumping rates than what was reported in their study. The sequential use of multi-objective criteria, with pre-selected weights, successfully demonstrated the capability of the model to achieve two objectives simultaneously. The proposed approach provides a cost effective solution to an important management problem in coastal aquifers. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Multi-objective optimization of pumping rates and well placement in coastal aquifers"
000220958100063	X	"High-quality screen-printed contacts were achieved on a high-sheet-resistance emitter (similar to100 Omega/sq.) using PV168 Ag paste and rapid co-firing in the belt furnace. The optimized co-firing cycle developed for a 100 Omega/sq. emitter produced 16.1% efficient 4 cm(2) planar edge-defined film-fed grown (EFG) ribbon Si cells with a low series-resistance (0.8 Omega cm(2)), high fill factor of similar to0.77, along with very significant bulk lifetime enhancement from 3 to 100 mus. This represents the highest-efficiency screen-printed EFG Si cells with single-layer antireflection (AR) coating. These cells were fabricated using a simple process involving POCl3 diffusion for a high-sheet-resistance emitter, SiNx AR coating and rapid cofiring of Ag grid and Al-doped back-surface field in a conventional belt furnace. The rapid cofiring process also prevented junction shunting while maintaining very effective SiNx-induced hydrogen passivation of defects, resulting in an average bulk lifetime exceeding 100 mus. (C) 2004 American Institute of Physics.; High-efficiency screen-printed solar cell on edge-defined film-fed grown ribbon silicon through optimized rapid belt co-firing of contacts and high-sheet-resistance emitter"
000221234300026	X	"This paper describes a novel wafer bonding technique using microwave heating of parylene intermediate layers. The bonding is achieved by parylene deposition and thermal lamination using microwave heating. Variable frequency microwave heating provides uniform, selective and rapid heating for parylene intermediate layers. The advantages of this bonding technique include short bonding time, low bonding temperature, relatively high bonding strength, less void generation and low thermal stress. In addition, the intermediate layer material, parylene, is chemically stable and biocompatible. This bonding technique can be used for structured wafers also because parylene provides a conformal coating. Therefore, this is a very attractive bonding tool for many MEMS devices. The bonding strength and uniformity were evaluated using diverse tools. Fracture mechanisms and the effects of bonding parameters and an adhesion promoter were also investigated. The bonding with a structured wafer was also successfully demonstrated.; Wafer bonding using microwave heating of parylene intermediate layers"
000221418000015	X	"The resource-constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP) is a significant challenge in highly regulated industries, such as pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals, where a large number of candidate new products must undergo a set of tests for certification. We propose a novel way of addressing the uncertainties in the RCPSP including the uncertainties in task durations and costs, as well as uncertainties in the results of tasks (success or failure) by using a discrete time Markov chain, which enables us to model probabilistic correlation of the uncertain parameters. The resulting stochastic optimization problem can be solved by using dynamic programming, but the computational load renders this impractical. Instead, we develop a new way to combine heuristic solutions through dynamic programming in the state space that the heuristics generate. The proposed approach is tested on a simplified version of RCPSP that has a fairly complicated stochastic nature, with 1,214,693,756 possible parameter realizations (scenarios), and involves five projects and 17 tasks. As a result, an on-line policy is obtained, which can use the information states in on-line decision making and improve the heuristics rather than a fixed solution obtained by the previous mathematical programming (MILP) problem formulations. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Dynamic programming in a heuristically confined state space: a stochastic resource-constrained project scheduling application"
000221594200007	X	This paper addresses a general class of two-stage stochastic programs with integer recourse and discrete distributions. We exploit the structure of the value function of the second-stage integer problem to develop a novel global optimization algorithm. The proposed scheme departs from those in the current literature in that it avoids explicit enumeration of the search space while guaranteeing finite termination. Computational experiments on standard test problems indicate superior performance of the proposed algorithm in comparison to those in the existing literature.; A finite branch-and-bound algorithm for two-stage stochastic integer programs
000221597900015	X	"Plastic micro-optic components (smaller than I mm in overall dimension, with lenses on the order of 50 microns in radius) will be very useful in future digital imaging and MEMS technologies. Computational fluid dynamics (CFD) and finite element analysis (FEA) predicted the influence of different processing parameters upon the final shape of micro-optic parts made from polystyrene, polycarbonate, and polymethylmethacrylate. Small-scale phenomena such as surface tension and mold-melt slip velocity were included in the models. The simulations were compared to physical parts, through birefringence and interferometry techniques, which permitted assessment of the computer modeling. The predicted radius of curvature trends match the measured trends, and the maximum difference between the predicted and corresponding measured radius of curvature was roughly 3.4%. The average difference between simulation and experiment for astigmatism and comatic aberration was less than 25%. Symmetry assumptions were tested and validated in more than 85% of the measured cases.; Production and analysis of injection molded micro-optic components"
000221648200013	X	"In this paper, a novel approach for fabricating low cost capacitive RF MEMS switches using directly photodefinable high dielectric constant metal oxides has been developed. In this approach, a radiation sensitive metal-organic precursor is deposited via spin coating and converted patternwise to a high dielectric constant metal oxide via ultraviolet exposure. The feasibility of this approach is demonstrated by fabricating bridge-type and cantilever-type switches with a nitride/metal-oxide/nitride dielectric film stack. These switches exhibited significantly higher isolation and load capacitances as compared to comparable switches fabricated using a simple silicon nitride dielectric.; Photodefinable metal oxide dielectrics: A novel method for fabricating low cost RF capacitive MEMS switches"
000221660100018	X	"High-quality DuPont screen-printed Ag contacts were achieved on high sheet-resistance emitters (100 Ohm/sq) by rapid alloying of PV168 Ag paste. Excellent specific contact resistance (similar to 1 mOhm - cm(2)) in conjunction with high fill factor (FF) (0.775) were obtained on 100 Ohm/sq emitters by a 900 degreesC spike firing of the PV168 paste in a belt furnace. The combination of the alloying characteristics of the PV168 Ag paste and optimized single-step rapid low-thermal budget firing resulted in a cost-effective manufacturable process for high-efficiency Si solar cells. In addition, the co-fired 100 Ohm/sq cell showed a noticeable improvement of similar to0.5% in absolute efficiency over a conventional co-fired 45 Ohm/sq emitter cell. Lighter doping in the 100 Ohm/sq emitter cell resulted in better blue-response compared to the 2 conventional cell, contributing to similar to 1.3 mA/cm(2) improvement in short-circuit current. Improved surface passivation on 100 Ohm/sq emitter cell resulted in additional 0.6 mA/cm(2) increase in J(sc), 15-mV higher V-oc, and a 0.6% increase in absolute cell efficiency. Front grid design optimization resulted in a FF of 0.780, and a further improvement in cell efficiency to reach 17.4%. Index Terms-High sheet-resistance emitters, photovoltaic cells, screen-printed contacts, silicon.; Development of screen-printed silicon solar cells with high fill factors on 100 Omega/sq emitters"
000221685800008	X	"Purpose. The purpose of this study was to design and fabricate arrays of solid microneedles and insert them into the skin of diabetic hairless rats for transdermal delivery of insulin to lower blood glucose level. Methods. Arrays containing 105 microneedles were laser-cut from stainless steel metal sheets and inserted into the skin of anesthetized hairless rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes. During and after microneedle treatment, an insulin solution (100 or 500 U/ml) was placed in contact with the skin for 4 h. Microneedles were removed 10 s, 10 min, or 4 h after initiating transdermal insulin delivery. Blood glucose levels were measured electrochemically every 30 min. Plasma insulin concentration was determined by radioimmunoassay at the end of most experiments. Results. Arrays of microneedles were fabricated and demonstrated to insert fully into hairless rat skin in vivo. Microneedles increased skin permeability to insulin, which rapidly and steadily reduced blood glucose levels to an extent similar to 0.05-0.5 U insulin injected subcutaneously. Plasma insulin concentrations were directly measured to be 0.5-7.4 ng/ml. Higher donor solution insulin concentration, shorter insertion time, and fewer repeated insertions resulted in larger drops in blood glucose level and larger plasma insulin concentrations. Conclusions. Solid metal microneedles are capable of increasing transdermal insulin delivery and lowering blood glucose levels by as much as 80% in diabetic hairless rats in vivo.; Transdermal delivery of insulin using microneedles in vivo"
000221698600028	X	"Background and aim of the study: Recent heart valve tissue engineering efforts have involved populating scaffolds with cells isolated from vascular sources, though it is unclear whether cells from valvular origins behave similarly to vascular cells. The study aim was to compare the phenotype of porcine aortic valve interstitial cells (PAVICs) and porcine aortic smooth muscle cells (PASMCs) in two-dimensional cultures and within three-dimensional (3D) collagen gels. Methods: PASMCs and PAVICs were isolated from fresh pig hearts, and cultured in either tissue culture flasks or collagen constructs created with 1 x 10(6) cells/ml. After up to 10 days of culture, gels were lysed or cells isolated with collagenase. Expression of alpha-smooth muscle actin (alpha-SMA) and desmin were determined using flow cytometry and laser confocal microscopy. Gel compaction was measured up to day 6 and lysate was analyzed for protein, glycosamino- glycan (GAG), and cell number. Results: PAVICs and PASMC-s compacted collagen gels similarly, and expressed similar levels of alpha-SMA but differing amounts of desmin. PAVICs appeared to produce more protein and. GAGs than PASMCs over the six-day period in 3D culture. These results agreed well with previously published observations of interstitial cell behavior in vivo. Conclusion: PAVICs possess both contractile properties and the ability to synthesize matrix components, highlighting their unique function in the demanding environment of the leaflet. Other potential cell sources for heart valve tissue engineering may not be able to mimic adequately some of these functions, and their use may impair tissue function in the long term.; Porcine aortic valve interstitial cells in three-dimensional culture: Comparison of phenotype with aortic smooth muscle cells"
000221727900010	X	"The algorithmic framework developed for improving heuristic solutions of the new version of deterministic TSP [Comput. Chem. Eng. (2004)] is extended to the stochastic case. To verify the algorithmic framework for the stochastic case, a new variant of the stochastic TSP with an optional task, in which key parameters (cost matrix) of the problem change according to an underlying Markov model, is introduced in this work as a prototypical stochastic optimization problem. The optional task is the performing of an ""investigation"" which improves the information for decision making at some cost. The stochastic dynamic programming is performed in the subset of the states that is obtained by simulating a set of heuristics. The proposed algorithmic framework finds the approximated optimal cost-to-go, only for the states in the subset. This reduces the computational time dramatically compared to the stochastic DP in the entire states space, without significant loss in the solution quality. The results show that the algorithmic framework also works efficiently for stochastic problems by improving the heuristic policies for making decisions for different realizations of the Markov process. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; An algorithmic framework for improving heuristic solutions - Part II. A new version of the stochastic traveling salesman problem"
000221800700081	X	"In this paper, negative SU-8 photoresist processed at low-temperature has been characterized in terms of delamination. Based on a 3(3) factorial designed experiment, 2 7 samples are fabricated and the degree of delamination is measured In addition, nine samples are fabricated for the purpose of verification. Employing a neural network modeling technique, a process model is established, and response surfaces are generated to investigate the degree of delamination associated with three process parameters: post exposure bake (PEB) temperature, PEB time, and exposure energy. From the response surfaces generated, two significant parameters associated with delamination are identified, and their effects on delamination are analyzed The higher the post exposure bake (PEB) temperature at a fixed PEB time, the more delamination occurred. In addition, the higher the dose of exposure energy, the lower the temperature at which the delamination begins and the larger the degree of delamination. The results identify acceptable ranges of the three process variables to avoid the delamination of SU-8 film, which in turn might lead to potential defects in MEMS device fabrication.; Characterization of low-temperature SU-8 photoresist processing for MEMS applications"
000221857300007	X	"A reconfigurable aperture (RECAP) antenna is described in which a planar array of electrically small, metallic patches are interconnected by switches. The antenna can be reconfigured to meet different performance goals by changing the switches that are open and closed. The switch configuration for a particular goal is determined using an optimizer, such as the genetic algorithm. First, the basic concept for the RECAP antenna is verified by comparing theoretical results; with measurements for configurations in which the switches are simply wires connecting the patches. Next, details are given for a prototype antenna in which field-effect transistor based electronic switches are used with optical control. Theoretical results for the prototype antenna are then compared with measurements for cases in which electronic reconfiguration is used to change the bandwidth of operation or steer the pattern of the antenna. Finally, an overview of alternate switch/control strategies, some of which were tested, is given along with suggestions for improving the next generation of this antenna.; A reconfigurable aperture antenna based on switched links between electrically small metallic patches"
000222135100009	X	"A monolithic, low-power reconfigurable bandstop filter operating at 8, 10, 13, and 15 GHz that utilizes RF MEMS switches has been developed on high-resisitivity silicon substrate. The filter is based on microstrip transmission lines with radial stubs that provide different reactance at different resonant frequencies. Selection of the desired stub reactance is achieved with cantilever capacitive RF MEMS switches that are electrostatically actuated. The tuning range of the fabricated filter is 7 GHz (8-15 GHz), which is about 60% of the mid-band frequency. The rejection at the notch of the filter and the -10-dB bandwidth range from -20 dB to -27 dB and 5% to 9.7%, respectively, at the different resonant frequencies The pass-band insertion loss was found to be around 0.5 dB. (C) 2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Monolithic reconfigurable bandstop filter using RF MEMS switches"
000222212900042	X	Tissue engineering of the vascular system
000222291700002	X	"Airlines are continually faced with the challenge of efficient utilization of their cockpit crew resources. In addition to regular flying crews, airlines maintain significant reserve staffing levels to meet contractual obligations and provide smooth daily operations. Most airlines also depend on voluntary and involuntary flying by regular crews to cover trips that fall out of work schedules due to conflicts and disruptions (open time trips). These open time trips, combined with expected levels of voluntary and involuntary flying, affect reserve staffing levels; airlines must plan crew staffing in advance to meet resulting training and new-hire requirements. Inefficient operational reserve utilization can further affect long-range crew staffing, resulting in higher training and new-hire costs. The proposed optimization strategy to estimate long-range crew staffing combines operational reserve utilization and premium operational costs due to voluntary and involuntary flying with long-range business needs.; Long-range reserve crew manpower planning"
000222313300004	X	"The formation of an endothelial cell (EC) monolayer is one critical factor in the development of a tissue engineered vascular graft. One potential method of endothelialization is the migration of native ECs from the surrounding blood vessel onto the newly implanted graft. In the present study, in vitro experiments were performed to investigate the potential of ECs to migrate on a tissue-engineered blood vessel wall model (TEWM) and form a new monolayer. The TEWM was composed of a three-dimensional, type I collagen matrix seeded with smooth muscle cells. The potential of ECs to form new monolayer was evaluated in the absence and presence of fluid shear stress (10 dynes/cm(2)). The monolayer formation on the TEWM was compared to a control, two-dimensional substrate of glass coated with type I collagen. Results from these studies showed that EC monolayer formation was inhibited on the TEWM in comparison to glass coated with collagen. This correlated with an inhibition of proliferation on the TEWM. The application of shear stress to the EC on the glass coated with collagen also caused an inhibition of monolayer formation, with a corresponding inhibition of proliferation. Furthermore, blocking proliferation by incubation with mitomycin C caused a dose-response inhibition of monolayer formation. In contrast, stimulating proliferation with basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) did not further increase monolayer formation on glass coated with collagen. These results suggest that proliferation is one necessary factor for monolayer formation, although not the only factor, where EC proliferation is regulated by its environment, including both substrate and the local shear stress. Continued investigation into the mechanism and stimulation of EC proliferation on the TEWM may lead to developing new strategies for the endothelialization of a tissue engineered vascular graft.; Endothelial cell monolayer formation: Effect of substrate and fluid shear stress"
000222429300062	X	"This paper proposes a strategy for placing capacitors at multiple locations on a distribution feeder to allow: 1) deeper levels of substation voltage reduction for peak load reduction; 2) power factor correction; and 3) power loss reduction. By reducing peak demand, a utility can avoid paying high prices when purchasing power or,it may sell excess generation at high prices. By minimizing system losses, savings are obtained through reduced demand and energy charges. Besides a positive economic response, load reduction associated with improved power factor at the substation has a beneficial effect on voltage stability by increasing the system stability limit margin.; Capacitor placement for conservative voltage reduction on distribution feeders"
000222465200006	X	"An understanding of how mechanical forces impact cells within valve leaflets would greatly benefit the development of a tissue-engineered heart valve. In this study, the effect of constant ambient pressure on the biological properties of heart valve leaflets was evaluated using a custom-designed pressure system. Native porcine aortic valve leaflets were exposed to static pressures of 100, 140, or 170 mmHg for 48 h. Collagen synthesis, DNA synthesis, sulfated glycoaminoglycan (sGAG) synthesis, alpha-SMC actin expression, and extracellular matrix (ECM) structure were examined. Results showed that elevated pressure caused an increase in collagen synthesis. This increase was not statistically significant at 100 mmHg, but at 140 mmHg and 170 mmHg collagen synthesis increased by 37.5 and 90%, respectively. No significant difference in DNA or sGAG synthesis was observed at elevated pressures, with the exception that DNA synthesis at 100 mmHg decreased. A notable decline in a-SMC actin was observed over the course of the experiments although no significant difference was observed between the pressure and control groups. It was concluded that elevated pressure caused a proportional increase in collagen synthesis of porcine aortic valve leaflets, but was unable to preserve alpha-SMC actin immunoreactive cells.; Effects of constant static pressure on the biological properties of porcine aortic valve leaflets"
000222468500096	X	"In the rapidly growing field of microfluidics, there is a tremendous need for alternative fabrication processes and for simple methods to integrate higher levels of functionality into microfluidic systems (i.e., fully-integrated, multi-level fluidic systems with functional valves, pumping systems, and other MEMS components). A fabrication technique recently developed at Georgia Tech involving thermally sacrificial polymeric materials allows for these innovations. In this method, which is completely compatible with traditional IC fabrication processes, thermally sacrificial polymers are coated onto a substrate and patterned into the shape of the desired channels and devices. These polymeric structures are then overcoated with a permanent structural material such as an inorganic glass or polymer. These steps can be repeated to produce complex, three-dimensional systems. Finally, the completed device structure is heated to the decomposition temperature of the sacrificial polymer which volatilizes to leave behind the desired open-channeled structures. These same materials and techniques can also be applied to the fabrication of a variety of microelectromechanical system components, including suspended membrane structures and cantilevers, that are integrated directly with IC devices on a common substrate. This process was first developed using functionalized polynorbornenes that decompose at temperatures near 425degreesC. In order to make this approach compatible with a wider range of substrates and structural materials, polymers with lower decomposition temperatures were desired, and polycarbonates were identified as a class of polymers with decomposition temperatures in the desired range (200-300degreesC). In addition, utilizing a polymer that can be patterned directly by conventional lithography greatly simplifies the fabrication process. By exploiting the acid-catalyzed thermolysis of polycarbonates, low decomposition temperature, photosensitive sacrificial polymers can be developed using mixtures of photoacid generators [PAG] and polycarbonates. Preliminary studies of several different polycarbonates, both photosensitive and non-photosensitive, have shown promising results"", but optimization of these materials will be required to realize their full potential as sacrificial materials for use in microsystems manufacturing. The imaging characteristics of these polycarbonates vary greatly with the differing polymer thermal properties and polymer crystallinity, which are directly related to the polymer structure. A comparison of several new secondary and tertiary co-polycarbonates and their ability to maintain feature integrity during photolithography are presented.; Photosensitive copolycarbonates for use as sacrificial materials in the fabrication of microfluidic and microelectromechanical devices"
000222480400017	X	"Four digital signal processing (DSP)-based digital predictors [Prony's, covariance, forward-backward (FB), matrix pencil (MP)], that are commonly used to enhance the time-domain modeling and design of highly complex RF MEMS structures, are evaluated in terms of computational efficiency and accuracy as a function of the model order, the decimating factor, and the size of sample train. For a benchmarking case of an RF MEMS tuner, it is found that while covariance method has the best performance in terms of accuracy, MP method confers robustness to computational economies (less numerical effort) and saves more CPU time with a smaller model order that can be selected by easy and efficient criteria.; Comparative evaluation of DSP techniques coupled with electromagnetic time-domain simulators for the efficient modeling and design of highly resonant RF-MEMS structures"
000222522400061	X	"Thermal management of electronic systems is of increasing concern as densities and power consumption increase. Typical thermal management solutions are modular in nature; e.g., a heat sink and/or fan area added to a heat-producing part. In this work, an integrated solution, the active cooling substrate (ACS) is proposed, in which the cooling functionality is included in the printed wiring board alongside the electrical wiring. The mechanism for cooling is the use of synthetic jets embedded in the substrate. The utility of the active cooling substrate is demonstrated through quantitative measurements of thermal performance of instrumented platinum heater testbeds. Thermal management is enhanced through the additional heat convection mode introduced by the embedded synthetic jets in the active cooling substrate.; A mems active cooling substrate for microelectronics thermal management"
000222534500018	X	"Cartilage is exposed to low oxygen tension in vivo, suggesting culture in a low-oxygen environment as a strategy to enhance matrix deposition in tissue-engineered cartilage in vitro. To assess the effects of oxygen tension on cartilage matrix accumulation, porous polylactic acid constructs were dynamically seeded in a concentric cylinder bioreactor with bovine chondrocytes and cultured for 3 weeks at either 20 or 5% oxygen tension. Robust chondrocyte proliferation and matrix deposition were achieved. After 22 days in culture, constructs from bioreactors operated at either 20 or 5% oxygen saturation had similar chondrocyte densities and collagen content. During the first 12 days of culture, the matrix glycosaminoglycan ( GAG) deposition rate was 19.5 x 10(-9) mg/cell per day at 5% oxygen tension and 65% greater than the matrix GAG deposition rate at 20% oxygen tension. After 22 days of bioreactor culture, constructs at 5% oxygen contained 4.5 +/- 0.3 mg of GAG per construct, nearly double the 2.5 +/- 0.2 mg of GAG per construct at 20% oxygen tension. These data demonstrate that culture in bioreactors at low oxygen tension favors the production and retention of GAG within cartilage matrix without adversely affecting chondrocyte proliferation or collagen deposition. Bioreactor studies such as these can identify conditions that enhance matrix accumulation and construct development for cartilage tissue engineering.; Effect of low oxygen tension on tissue-engineered cartilage construct development in the concentric cylinder bioreactor"
000222534500029	X	"A scaleable perfusion bioreactor has been developed for tissue engineering of small diameter arterial constructs. This modular bioreactor allows for dynamic sequential seeding of smooth muscle and endothelial cells, biomechanical stimulation of cells during culture, and monitoring of tissue growth and maturation. Bovine aortic smooth muscle and endothelial cells were seeded onto porous tubular poly( glycolic acid) nonwoven scaffolds and cultured in the bioreactor under pulsatile flow conditions for up to 25 days. Cell proliferation was more than 3-fold after 4 days, smooth muscle cells expressed differentiated phenotype after 16 days, and collagen and elastin were distributed throughout the construct after 25 days of culture. In bioreactor experiments in which the construct lumen was seeded with endothelial cells by perfusion after 13 days of smooth muscle cell culture, endothelial cell seeding efficiency was 100%, and a confluent monolayer was observed in the lumen within 48 h. These data demonstrate that this perfusion bioreactor supports sequential seeding of constructs with smooth muscle and endothelial cells. Dynamic culture under pulsatile flow leads to cellular expression of differentiated function and extracellular matrix deposition toward the development of tissue-engineered arterial constructs.; Perfusion Bioreactor for small diameter tissue-engineered arteries"
000222554700039	X	"Substantial recent interest in microelectronics manufacturing has motivated significant work on non-traditional processes such as embossing-based lithography. This work has been generally limited to manufacturing conventional microelectronics, producing two dimensional patterned surfaces and structures. To date, little work has been done to produce microelectromechanical systems (MEMS), which can require production of complex three-dimensional and possibly free standing structures. This paper reports a novel method for manufacturing three-dimensional microstructures that can be freely standing and/or fully released. The method involves the use of thermally sacrificial polymers, i.e. materials that can be cleanly decomposed to gaseous products upon heating at elevated temperatures. Such sacrificial polymers can be directly embossed and subsequently overcoated with a variety of materials including other polymers, dielectrics, semiconductors, and metals. Following the deposition of the overcoat layer, further processing can be performed on the overcoat layer (e.g. selective etching or deposition of additional materials). Finally, the entire structure is heated to the decomposition temperature of the sacrificial polymer which results in the ""dry"" removal of the sacrificial layer, thus releasing the desired structures. The various sacrificial materials that have been investigated are polynorbornenes and polycarbonates, and the overlayer materials include polyimides, silicon oxide, and metals. This paper discusses the various properties of these sacrificial materials, the printing and processing conditions for these materials, and the use of this method for the fabrication of a MEMS based microfluidic system with free standing and suspended obstructions. This novel manufacturing technique meets the needs of MEMS manufacturing in that it can produce three dimensional and free standing microstructures. It permits the fabrication of devices and systems in only a few process steps that would otherwise be either substantially more complicated or impossible to achieve. This process of coating, embossing, and overcoating can also be repeated to build-up complex multi-layered structures.; Microsystems manufacturing via embossing of photodefinable thermally sacrificial materials"
000222624900077	X	"The Modified Decohesion Test (MDT), developed by the authors, eliminates shortcomings of current interfacial fracture toughness testing methods. In this approach, a highly stressed super layer is used to drive delamination and create any mode mix at the crack tip. MDT uses the change in crack surface area to vary the available energy per unit area for crack growth and thus to bound the interfacial fracture toughness. Therefore, this technique uses a single sample to measure the interfacial fracture toughness, as opposed to the decohesion test that uses several samples to be able to bound the interfacial fracture toughness. Since the deformations remain elastic, a mechanics-based solution can be used to correlate test parameters to the energy release rate. Common IC fabrication techniques are used to prepare the sample and execute the test, thereby making the test compatible with current microelectronic or MEMS facilities. In this paper, the mechanics based solution used in the MDT to correlate test parameters to the fracture metrics is discussed and compared against other analytical models. Interfacial fracture toughness results are provided for a Ti/Si interface at several mode mixes.; Measurement of the mode mix dependent interfacial fracture toughness for a Ti/Si interface using a modified decohesion test"
000222625600004	X	"This paper presents the development of RF System-on-Package (SOP) architectures for compact and low cost wireless radio front-end systems. A novel 3D integration approach for SOP-based solutions for wireless communication applications is proposed and utilized for the implementation of a C band Wireless LAN (WLAN) RF front-end module by means of stacking LTCC substrates using muBGA technology. LTCC designs of high-performance multilayer embedded bandpass filters and novel stacked cavity-backed patch antennas are also reported. In addition, the fabrication of very high Q-factor inductors and embedded filter in organic substrates demonstrate the satisfactory performance of multilayer organic packages. The well known full-wave numerical techniques of FDTD and MRTD are used for the modeling of adjacent lines crosstalk, of the Q-factor of embedded passives and for the accurate simulation of MEMS structures.; RF system-on-package (SOP) development for compact low cost wireless front-end systems"
000222633100051	X	"This paper presents a simplified method of fabricating a fundamental MEMS tool: microtweezers. The tweezers presented here require no power, but instead augment a standard microprobe station in which the axis controls allow for both controlled motion of the tweezer tips and for full three-dimensional maneuverability This technique allows for a broad range of tweezer styles (straight and serrated tips) and sizes (microns to millimeters). The unique design also affords extraordinarily delicate control that is potentially beneficial for applications in micro-assembly, electrophysiology, and microdissection.; Mechanically driven microtweezers"
000222633100064	X	"This report presents a complete package for bistable electromagnetic actuated microvalve. The function of the valve is to control the fuel delivery system in a fuel cell unit for power generation [1,2]. The microvalves were fabricated on top of a single wafer using 8 masking steps. The fabrication processes have a maximum processing temperature of 300 degreesC, providing potentially a CMOS compatible process. The valve arrays that compromise of 12 valves per 12 MM x 12 MM chip are built completely by surface micromachining. The chip is assembled into a package with fluidic connection parts. The parts were made from the stereo lithography (SLA) frame that was filled with PDMS. The PDMS also acts as a gasket to seal the microvalve from leaking. The fluidic tests show that the whole valve assembly can stand from leaks up to the pressure of 57.4 kPa.; A structure of bistable electromagnetic actuated microvalve fabricated on a single wafer, implementing the SLA and PDMS technique"
000222658800236	X	"Light induced degradation (LID) in boron doped Czochralski (Cz) silicon with high oxygen content is known to degrade solar cell efficiency. Multicrystalline Si crystals also have oxygen and use B doping, but LID effects are largely unknown. In this paper, ribbon, Cz, and cast multi-crystalline Si crystals with a resistivity of I 3 Omegacm were investigated for LID. 15-16% efficient EFG, String Ribbon, and cast me-Si solar cells, fabricated by manufacturable screen printed technology, show small but measurable LID (0.2% absolute efficiency loss). In less than 15% efficient devices, LID was not detectable in ribbon Si crystals. However, >16% efficient photolithography ribbon Si degraded >0.5% absolute. Analysis of the bulk lifetime using photoluminescence mapping, after cell processing, supports the presence of LID in the good regions of the ribbon materials while the defective regions remained essentially unaffected.; Light induced degradation in promising multi-crystalline silicon materials for solar cell fabrication"
000222713100004	X	"As a hybrid between a hypodermic needle and transdermal patch, we have used microfabrication technology to make arrays of micron-scale needles that transport drugs and other compounds across the skin without causing pain. However, not all microneedle geometries are able to insert into skin at reasonable forces and without breaking. In this study, we experimentally measured and theoretically modeled two critical mechanical events associated with microneedles: the force required to insert microneedles into living skin and the force needles can withstand before fracturing. Over the range of microneedle geometries investigated, insertion force was found to vary linearly with the interfacial area of the needle tip. Measured insertion forces ranged from approximately 0.1-3 N, which is sufficiently low to permit insertion by hand. The force required to fracture microneedles was found to increase with increasing wall thickness, wall angle, and possibly tip radius, in agreement with finite element simulations and a thin shell analytical model. For almost all geometries considered, the margin of safety, or the ratio of fracture force to insertion force, was much greater than one and was found to increase with increasing wall thickness and decreasing tip radius. Together, these results provide the ability to predict insertion and fracture forces, which facilitates rational design of microneedles with robust mechanical properties. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Insertion of microneedles into skin: measurement and prediction of insertion force and needle fracture force"
000222781900052	X	"Research laboratories or what we are calling innovation communities, are potentially rich sites for understanding situated learning since their goal is to develop new knowledge and innovative practices. Here we report on a two year study of learning in a tissue engineering lab, an evolving community of practice in the historically recent field of biomedical engineering. Findings suggest the critical role artifacts play beyond merely being part of a distributed cognitive system. Lab artifacts such as cells and engineered bio-substitutes offer potential cognitive partnerships to learners. Over time, understandings are constructed, revised, enhanced and transformed by learning through and with the artifacts present in the community. We find that these dynamic relationships are critical to knowledge acquisition and deepening forms of participation and in their developed stage, best described as partnerships which support model-based and simulative reasoning.; Cognitive partnerships on the bench tops"
000222965000538	X	Vascular tissue engineering: challenges and opportunities
000222975800004	X	"Distributed generation (DG) reduces losses and eliminates some of the transmission and distribution costs. It may also reduce fossil fuel emissions, defer capital costs, and improve the distribution feeder voltage conditions. The calculation of the effects of small residential photovoltaic and wind DG systems on various feeder operating variables is complicated by both the probabilistic nature of their output and the variety of their possible spatial allocations. A method based on a combination of clustering techniques and a convex hull algorithm is proposed that may reduce the computational burden by an order of magnitude, while still allowing accurate estimation of DG-enhanced feeder operation.; Quantitative techniques for analysis of large data sets in renewable distributed generation"
000223045100139	X	"This paper presents a method of achieving integration of stereo lithographic and microfabricated structures. Extending the principle of metal-plated microfabrication masks to stereolithography (SLA), it is possible to ensure alignment and bonding. A conventional mask aligner is used and planarization of the SLA part to allow for Cr metalization and bonding with spin-coated SLA resin. The method has been applied to the fabrication of a micro-four point probe array. Good alignment was achieved in this process.; A novel method for stereolithographic alignment of MEMS structures"
000223045900118	X	"This paper describes a systematic approach to lumped-constant modeling of arbitrary MEMS devices based on the concept of element stamps. In particular, it is shown that stamps can be used to represent the dynamical behavior of microelectromechanical elements whose motion is restricted by arbitrary ideal constraints. Since many MEMS structures are built from a common set of basic elements, such as beams, anchors and plates, this approach allows the systematic development of models for a large variety of MEMS components, and their seamless integration into simulators capable of handling indifferently mechanical, electrical or electromechanical devices. As a practical application example, the stamp describing the dynamical model of a planetary electrostatic motor is derived, and numerical results obtained from the simulation of this model are presented.; A systematic approach to macromodeling complex MEMS devices"
000223049100128	X	"Perhaps the most ubiquitous phenomena associated with electrostatically actuated MEMS devices is the ""pullin"" voltage instability. In this instability, when applied voltages are increased beyond a certain critical voltage there is no longer a steady-state configuration of the device where mechanical members remain separate. This instability severely restricts the range of stable operation of many devices. Here, a mathematical model of an idealized electrostatically actuated MEMS device is constructed for the purpose of analyzing various schemes proposed for the control of the pull-in instability. This embedding of a device into a control circuit gives rise to a nonlinear and nonlocal elliptic problem which is analyzed through a variety of asymptotic, analytical, and numerical techniques. Variations in capacitive control schemes are shown to give rise to variations in solutions of the model and hence to effect the pull-in voltage and pull-in distance.; Nonlocal problems in MEMS device control"
000223073000109	X	"This paper explores a novel technique for monitoring film thickness in reactive ion etching that incorporates a micromachined sensor. The prototype sensor correlates film thickness with the change in resonant frequency that occurs in the micromachined platform during etching. The prototype sensor consists of a platform that is suspended over a drive electrode on the surface of the substrate and electrically excited into resonance. As material is etched from the platform, its resonant vibrational frequency shifts by an amount proportional to the amount of material etched, allowing etch rate to be inferred. The micromachined sensor is simulated using ANSYS 7.0. Simulation shows a direct correlation between platform film thickness and resonant frequency, as well as between the platform thickness and its capacitance. Modeling the sensor as a variable capacitor in an auto-zeroing floating gate amplifier (AFGA) circuit using HSPICE reveals that the deflections of the platform are amplified as expected.; Design and development of an integrated MEMS sensor for real time control of plasma etching"
000223076800084	X	"Predicting air damping on micromachined mechanical resonators is crucial in the design of high-performance filters used in wireless communication systems. In the past, most of the work focuses on devices in which continuum theory can still be applied. In this work, we investigate damping on oscillating structures caused by air in the free-molecular region in which continuum theory is no longer valid. Such a study is important for devices operated at a very low pressure or for those whose characteristic length is on the order of nanometers. A careful examination of the previous work has been conducted. Mistakes and limitations have been found and reported in this paper. A molecular dynamics simulation has been developed and used in predicting quality factors of an oscillating micro beam operated at low pressures. Simulation results have shown an excellent agreement with experimental data.; On the air damping of micro-resonators in the free-molecular region"
000223103900018	X	"Physical design automation for the new emerging mixed-signal System-on-Package (SOP) technology requires a new kind of floorplanner-it must place both active components such as digital IC, analog ICs, memory modules, MEMS, and opto-electronic modules, and embedded passive components such as capacitors, resistors, and inductors in a multi-layer packaging substrate while considering various signal integrity issues. We propose a new interconnect-centric multi-layer floorplanner named MF-SOP, which is based on a multiple objective stochastic Simulated Annealing method. The contribution of this work is first to formulate this new kind of floorplanning problem and then to develop an effective algorithm that handles various design constraints unique to SOP. The related experiments show that the area reduction of W-SOP compared to its 2-D counterpart is on the order of O(k) and wirelength reduction is 39% average for k-layer SOP, while satisfying design constraints.; Multi-layer floorplanning for reliable system-on-package"
000223208400003	X	"Chondrocytes undergo a process of dedifferentiation in monolayer culture that is characterized by a transition to a fibroblast-like phenotype. This behavioral change poses a challenge for tissue-engineered cartilage constructs, as approaches using autologous cells require expansion in vitro. Because chondrocytes express a variety of integrin receptors specific to different adhesive proteins, we hypothesized that chondrocytes expanded on various underlying protein monolayers would have different phenotypic responses. Bovine articular chondrocytes were cultured for up to 2 weeks on tissue culture plastic, fibronectin, collagen type I or collagen type 11 substrate in the presence or absence of ascorbate. Contrary to our hypothesis, the extracellular matrix protein substrates used in this study did not significantly alter the changes in chondrocyte morphology, gene expression, matrix formation, or cytoskeletal organization. Cells on all substrates assembled equivalent matrices, which may have subsequently regulated cell behavior. In cultures with ascorbate, populations of round and spread cells emerged after I week, with round cells expressing collagen type 11 and the differentiated phenotype and spread cells dedifferentiating. In cultures without ascorbate, chondrocytes rapidly adhered and spread onto organized fibronectin matrices via the alpha(5)beta(1) integrin, which has been associated with survival and proliferation of chondrocytes in vitro. These findings indicate that expanding chondrocytes on protein monolayers may not be an effective solution to preventing dedifferentiation and improving autologous chondrocyte transplantation. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Chondrocyte phenotypes on different extracellular matrix monolayers"
000223255000008	X	"A novel time-domain technique is proposed for the analysis of MEMS-based variable devices involving motion to arbitrary in-plane directions using the adaptive body fitted grid generation method with moving boundaries. MEMS technology is growing rapidly in the RF field and the accurate design of RF MEMS switches that can be used for phase shifting or reconfigurable tuners requires the computationally effective modeling of their transient and steady-state behavior including the accurate analysis of their time-dependent moving boundaries. Due to the limitations of the conventional time-domain numerical techniques, it is tedious to simulate these problems numerically. The new technique proposed in this paper is based on the time-difference time-domain method with an adaptive implementation of grid generation. Employing this transformation, it is possible to apply the grid generation technique to the analysis of geometries with time-changing boundary conditions. A variable capacitor that consists of two metal plates that can move to arbitrary m-plane directions is analyzed as a benchmark. The numerical results expressing the relationship between the velocity of the plates and the capacitance are shown and the transient effect is accurately modeled.; A novel numerical approach for the analysis of 2D MEMS-based - Variable capacitors including the effect of arbitrary motions"
000223299300029	X	"Implementation and characterization of 4 micro-machined acoustic sensor with integrated optoelectronic readout is described. The mechanical part of the sensor is surface micromachined on a quartz substrate and consists of an aluminum membrane which is electrostatically actuated by a back electrode shaped in the form of a diffraction grating. Optical detection is performed by measuring the reflected diffraction orders when the grating is illuminated through the, quartz substrate. This scheme provides interferometric displacement detection sensitivity as, well as a compact optical interconnect to a custom designed silicon photodetector array fabricated with n-well CMOS technology. The array also contains optical apertures formed by post-CMOS deep reactive ion etching for backside illumination. A compact hybrid packaged sensor, array is formed by bonding the silicon photodetector array to the quartz substrate, resulting in an integrated acoustic sensor volume of 2.5 mm(3). Experimental characterization has been performed on integrated, sensors with 200-mum-diameter, 1-mum-thick aluminum membranes. The results show a minimum detectable membrane displacement of 2.08 X 10(-4) Angstrom/rootHz at 20 kHz and 1.35 X 10(-4) Angstrom/rootHz at 100 kHz with 61-muW laser power detected on the integrated photodetector. Operation of the device with a pulsed vertical cavity surface emitting laser as the light source and differential detection of diffraction orders for noise reduction are demonstrated to show the potential for low-power, low-cost micromachined acoustic sensors.; Fabrication and characterization of a micromachined acoustic sensor with integrated optical readout"
000223446700350	X	"The fabrication and characterization of vertically laminated, electrodeposited Ni-Fe magnetic cores in micromachined silicon for the low megahertz frequency range is presented. Laminated cores were fabricated by etching vertical trenches (60-180 mum wide and 525 mum deep) through silicon wafers and directly plating Ni-Fe onto the etched sidewalls. The Ni-Fe was plated over a range of thicknesses (3-53 mum) in order to study the influence of eddy currents. The measured impedances in the range 10 kHz-40 MHz confirm the reduction of eddy current losses. This work demonstrates a simple fabrication method for achieving high-aspect-ratio, vertically laminated magnetic cores where the geometry of the structures can be easily tailored for various applications.; Vertically laminated magnetic cores by electroplating Ni-Fe into micromachined Si"
000223527100016	X	"This review describes recent developments in the emerging field of biomimetic polymeric biomaterials, which signal to cells via biologically active entities. The described biological effects are, in contrast to many other known interactions, receptor mediated and therefore very specific for certain cell types. As an introduction into this field, first some biological principles are illustrated such as cell attachment, cytokine signaling and endocytosis, which are some of the mechanisms used to control cells with biomimetic polymers. The next topics are then the basic design rules for the creation of biomimetic materials. Here, the major emphasis is on polymers that are assembled in separate building blocks, meaning that the biologically active entity is attached to the polymer in a separate chemical reaction. In that respect, first individual chemical standard reactions that may be used for this step are briefly reviewed. In the following chapter, the emphasis is on polymer types that have been used for the development of several biomimetic materials. There is, thereby, a delineation made between materials that are processed to devices exceeding cellular dimensions and materials predominantly used for the assembly of nanostructures. Finally, we give a few current examples for applications in which biomimetic polymers have been applied to achieve a better biomaterial performance. (C) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Biomimetic polymers in pharmaceutical and biomedical sciences"
000223578800008	X	"In Caenorhabditis elegans, the gene unc-89 is required for A-band organization of striated muscle. In mammals, a likely homolog of UNC-89, called obscurin, has been described and found to be localized at both the M-lines and Z-discs of striated muscle. Here, we show that the coding sequence for unc-89 is larger than originally thought, and that the gene encodes at least four major isoforms: UNC-89-A (original isoform, 732 kDa), UNC-89-B (potentially 900 kDa), and UNC-89-C and UNC-89-D (each 156 kDa). UNC-89-C and -D, except for unique N-terminal tails of eight and 11 residues, respectively, are co-linear with the C terminus of UNC-89-B. The unc-89 complex transcription unit contains at least three promoters: one directing UNC-89-A and -B primarily in body-wall and pharyngeal muscle, one internal promoter directing expression of UNC-89-C primarily in body-wall muscle, and one internal promoter directing expression of UNC-89-D primarily in a few muscle cells of the tail. Isoform-specific RNA interference resulted in a muscle structural phenotype similar to a typical unc-89 mutant, but with varying degrees of severity. Antibodies generated to the interkinase region shared by the UNC-89-B, -C and -D isoforms localize to the middle of A-bands, like previously-described UNC-89 antibodies, and detect proteins on immunoblots consistent with the proposed gene organization and additional isoforms. The three new UNC-89 isoforms contain two protein kinase domains, of the myosin light chain kinase (MLCK) family. UNC-89-B contains two complete protein kinase domains, designated PK1 and PK2. UNC-89-C and -D begin with partial kinase domains, PK1-C and PK1-D. Homology modeling suggests that PK2 is catalytically active, PK1 is inactive, and that PK1-C and PK1-D have similar structures at their N termini that may create sites for interaction with other proteins. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Three new isoforms of Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-89 containing MLCK-like protein kinase domains"
000223599100019	X	"Microsystems packaging is fundamentally dependent on the manufacture of microelectronic, photonic, radio frequency (RF), and MEMS devices. The system-on-package (SOP) approach has been identified as a key strategy for integrating these strategic packaging technologies. Because of rising costs, the challenge before SOP manufacturers is to offset capital investment with greater automation and technological innovation in the fabrication process. To reduce manufacturing cost, several important subtasks have emerged, including increasing fabrication yield, reducing product cycle, time, maintaining consistent levels of product quality and performance, and improving the reliability of processing equipment. Because of the large number of steps involved, maintaining product quality in an SOP manufacturing facility requires the control of hundreds of process variables. The interdependent issues of high yield, high quality, and low cycle time are addressed by the ongoing development of several critical capabilities in state-of-the-art computer-integrated manufacturing (CIM) systems: in situ process monitoring, process/equipment modeling, real-time process control, and equipment diagnosis. Recently, the use of computational intelligence in various manufacturing applications has increased, and the SOP manufacturing arena is no exception to this trend. Artificial neural networks, genetic algorithms (GAs), and other techniques have emerged as powerful tools for assisting CIM systems, in performing various process monitoring, modeling, and control functions. This paper reviews current research in these areas, as well as the potential for deployment of these capabilities in state-of-the-art SOP manufacturing facilities.; Intelligent SOP manufacturing"
000223969400012	X	"A new fabrication method of enclosed parylene microchannel, so-called 'parylene micromolding' is presented in this paper. The conventional fabrication method based on surface micromachining technique using photoresist as a sacrificial layer is slow and costly because it is diffusion-limited process and requires several photolithography steps. Parylene micromolding method introduced here employs molding concept, which makes a rapid and low-cost fabrication of parylene microchannel possible. This method consists of first Si mold fabrication and parylene deposition on both Si mold and flexible stainless steel sheet, second thermal bonding between two parylene layers, and third releasing parylene microchannel from the Si mold. Main characteristics and technical issues of this new method are discussed in this paper. Some example devices such as meander type channel, long spiral channel, electrophoretic channel, and dielectrophoretic channel have been fabricated by this method and are presented in this paper. (C) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Parylene micromolding, a rapid and low-cost fabrication method for parylene microchannel"
000224340900020	X	"Thin film structures are increasingly used in microelectronics devices for performance, functionality, and miniaturization reasons. Interfacial delamination is one of the most common failure modes for thin-film applications. Measurement of mode-mixity dependent interfacial fracture toughness (F) is necessary to predict the interface integrity and the component reliability of thin-film structures. However the measurement of mode-mixity dependent F has been a challenge for thin film interfaces. Typical testing methods such as bimaterial cantilever, microscratch, peel, bulge, and edge lift-off are limited to organic films, cause complex stress fields, can only measure a single mode mix, cannot achieve the large energy release rates (G) typical of metal thin film interfaces, and/or cannot handle micro scale samples. A new approach, called the single-strip decohesion test (SSDT), eliminates shortcomings of the current testing methods. In this approach, a trilayer thin film structure is built to measure the interfacial fracture toughness. A highly stressed super layer, such as Cr, is used to drive the delamination and produces any mode mix at the crack tip. An isosceles triangle-shaped nonadhesive layer (10 to 50nm thick) is sandwiched between the film of interest and the substrate to realize the contact area change along the crack direction. SSDT uses the change in crack surface area to vary the available energy per unit area for crack growth and thus to measure the interfacial fracture toughness. Common IC fabrication techniques are used to prepare the sample and execute the test, thereby making the test compatible with current microelectronic or MEMS facilities. Design, preparation, and execution of the SSDT are discussed. Finite element model of the SSDT sites are used to extract fracture parameters, and interfacial fracture toughness results are provided for a Ti/Si interface at several mode mixes.; In-process measurement of the interfacial fracture toughness for a sub-micron titanium thin film and silicon interface using a single-strip decohesion test"
000224340900040	X	"Design and modeling of multilayer inductors offer considerable challenges to circuit designers because of their complex three-dimensional topology. In this paper, we present a neural network based modeling scheme for multilayer ceramic system-on-package (SOP) inductor library development. A genetic algorithm based optimizer is coupled with the neural network model obtained for subsequent design and optimization of inductor circuit model parameters. This methodology is validated by characterization data collected from multilayer inductors fabricated in a 12 metal layer low-temperature co-fired ceramic (LTCC) fabrication process. The embedded inductors considered are of great interest for W-CDMA and C-Band applications. An accurate neural network model is developed using measured results in the 1-5 GHz frequency range. This model is used to perform sensitivity analysis and derive response surfaces. A technique is then applied in which genetic algorithms are coupled with the neural network models to optimize inductor layout. The layout parameters predicted by the genetic optimizer match the measured results over the 1-5 GHz range to within 5%. The proposed neuro-genetic algorithm based design promises to minimize the time and cost for multilayer passive design while providing high accuracy.; Modeling and optimization of multilayer LTCC inductors for RF/wireless applications using neural network and genetic algorithms"
000224340900071	X	"We propose new IC packaging technologies that have the potential to bring about disruptive innovations in interconnect pitch, best electrical and mechanical properties, low-cost and chip size. Current approaches for chip to package interconnections are limited in terms of either pitch or electrical-mechanical trade-off in properties. For example, lead free solder interconnects fail mechanically as the pitch is brought down from current 200 micron pitch to 20 micron. Compliant leads, on the other hand, solve mechanical reliability but at the expense of electrical performance. Solution-derived materials for reworkable nano-interconnects can be a viable technology to meet these two challenges. Nano-grained electroplated copper is chosen as the primary interconnect material. Compliancy was addressed by tuning the process to electroplate high-aspect-ratio structures. Reworkability was addressed by a thin, liquid lead-free solder interface between the interconnect and the package. Two approaches, sol-gel and electroless plating were used in this work to deposit these liquid interface films of lead free solders of the order of 50-300 nm. In the sol-gel process, metal-organic polymer solutions were heat-treated in a reducing atmosphere at 300degreesC to form lead-free solders (Sn-Ag-Cu). In the other approach, leadfree alloy films were deposited from aqueous plating solutions consisting of suitable metal salts and reducing agents. This process was done at temperatures of 45degreesC. The lead-free solder composition was controlled by altering the plating bath formulation. Lead-free solder films formed from both the above approaches were demonstrated to bond copper pads. Solution-derived nano-solder technology is an attractive low-cost method for bump-less nano-interconnects and other applications such as MEMS hermetic packaging and compliant interconnect bonding.; New paradigm in IC-package interconnection by reworkable nano-interconnects"
000224340900127	X	"This paper presents novel low-temperature processes that combine high-aspect-ratio polymer structures with electroless copper plating to create laterally compliant MEMS structures. This low-cost processing was developed for two applications: 1. Low-voltage comb-drive actuators for tunable capacitors to reduce the tuning voltage in MEMS structures to less than 5V and simultaneously increase the capacitance in between the electrode fingers, 2. Compliant IC-package interconnects for reliable, low-cost and high-performance nano wafer-level packaging. High-aspect-ratio polymer structures were fabricated from a photo-definable process using SU8 photoresist. The plasma/permanganate etching and electroless plating conditions were optimized to give the required adhesion and plating thickness for the SU8 structures. While SU8 can result in easy fabrication of high-aspect ratio structures, other polymers were also investigated for their superior mechanical properties. High-aspect-ratio polyimide structures with much lower stress, higher toughness and strength were fabricated using plasma etching. The dry etching results in a wall angle above 80 degrees and can lead to an aspect ratio higher than 4. The etching process also leads to roughened side walls for selective electroless plating on the side walls of the polymer structures. Simulations of these fabricated structures show tremendous reduction in the stresses at the interfaces and superior reliability and improved electrical performance for both tunable capacitors and nano interconnects. Metal-coated polymer structures from MEMS fabrication techniques can provide low-cost high-performance solutions for RF-components and wafer-level-packaging.; MEMS composite structures for tunable capacitors and IC-package nano interconnects"
000224340900141	X	"This paper describes a novel wafer bonding technique using microwave heating of parylene intermediate layers. The bonding is achieved by parylene deposition and thermal lamination using microwave heating. Variable frequency microwave heating provides uniform, selective, and rapid heating for parylene intermediate layers. The advantages of this bonding technique include short bonding time, low bonding temperature, relatively high bonding strength, less void generation, and low thermal stress. In addition, the intermediate layer material, parylene, is chemically stable and biocompatible. This bonding technique can be used for structured wafers as well because parylene provides a conformal coating. Therefore this is a very attractive bonding tool for many MEMS devices. The bonding strength and uniformity were evaluated using diverse tools. Fracture mechanisms and the effects of bonding parameters and an adhesion promoter were investigated as well. The bonding with a structured wafer was also successfully demonstrated.; Wafer bonding using microwave heating of parylene for MEMS packaging"
000224340900144	X	"Stiction problem is one of the major factors that limit the widespread use and reliability of Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS). The fundamental mechanism to prevent stiction is either increasing the surface roughness, or coating MEMS surfaces with hydrophobic materials. By nature, Lotus Effect coating is a good combination of rough surface and hydrophobic materials. In this work, the feasibility of using Lotus Effect coatings to prevent MEMS stiction was proposed and investigated. Lotus Effect surfaces were either prepared by creating nanoscale rough structures on a hydrophobic surface with plasma techniques, or by coating functional selfassembled monolayers (SAMs) on nanoporous silica substrates. The effects of surface chemistry and structure on superhydrophobicity of Lotus Effect materials were studied. The relationship between surface structure, surface wetting, and surface stiction properties of a Lotus Effect surface was also investigated.; Lotus effect coating and its application for microelectromechanical systems stiction prevention"
000224340900219	X	"The successful use of the Design of Experiments (DOE) and Response Surface Modeling (RSM) approaches in an optimization study for a multilayer interdigitated passband filter is presented. The medium of interest is Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) and the frequency band is in the 60 GHz range. The two figures of merit chosen are the resonating frequency f(o) and the quality factor Q with the optimization goals of f(o) = 60 GHz and maximum Q. The electromagnetic performance of the filter is determined with a Method of Moments commercial simulator. The results of these simulations are incorporated into DOE and RSM techniques, statistical models are developed for the two output variables, and then applied to optimize the filter. The effectiveness of the method is compared to that of the Genetic Algorithm (GA) optimization.; Design and optimization of 3D RF modules, microsystems and packages using electromagnetic, statistical and genetic tools"
000224349000015	X	"For a particular class of minimax stochastic programming models, we show that the problem can be equivalently reformulated into a standard stochastic programming problem. This permits the direct use of standard decomposition and sampling methods developed for stochastic programming. We also show that this class of minimax stochastic programs is closely related to a large family of mean-risk stochastic programs where risk is measured in terms of deviations from a quantile.; On a class of minimax stochastic programs"
000224413100009	X	"Fabrication methods for integrating thick (tens or hundreds of micrometers) electroplated metallic microstructures inside fusion-bonded silicon wafers are proposed and validated. Cu and Ni80Fe20 (permalloy) test structures were embedded inside of cavities in silicon wafers, which were fusion-bonded at 500 degreesC for 4 h with nearly 100% yield. Resistance tests validated the electrical integrity of the metals after annealing, and magnetic measurements indicated the Ni-Fe maintained its magnetic performance after annealing. Additional mechanical tests verified a strong, uniform bond, and that the presence of the metals does not degrade the bond strength. These results demonstrate the ability to integrate conductive and magnetic materials in wafer-bonded silicon, a method useful for a variety of multiwafer, MEMS devices.; Electroplated metal microstructures embedded in fusion-bonded silicon: Conductors and magnetic materials"
000224473900026	X	"Flat solid-state polymer photovoltaic (PV) cells were constructed using undoped poly(3-undecyl-2,2'-bithiophene) (P3UBT) and flat titanium dioxide (TiO(2)) films prepared using a sol-gel technique. Layers and interfaces were studied using AFM, SEM, EDX, XPS, and optical microscopy to determine the impact of the interfacial boundary morphology on the PV device performance. Friction mapping and surface roughness measurements of the fluorinated tin oxide (SnO(2):F) conductive glass, TiO(2), and P3UBT surfaces show a distinct difference in surface contours enabling a better understanding of light absorption as well as charge separation and injection by the polymer. It was found that each working layer in the photovoltaic device exhibited a planarizing effect, where each successive film was slightly smoother than the underlying layers. TiO(2) films greater than 70 nm in thickness fractured during sintering and all films failed following sintering times exceeding 1 h at 450 degreesC. Fracture of the TiO(2) film resulted in exposure of the underlying SnO(2):F glass and short-circuited solar cells. The film thickness varied with viscosity of the sol-gel and could be controlled by the synthesis conditions and age of sol-gel used. Additionally, the hydrophilic TiO(2) surfaces readily absorbed water when exposed to ambient conditions thereby altering the interfacial boundary and degrading PV cell performance. Spin-coated P3UBT deposited at high concentrations and low spin speeds was found to deposit a layer a few nanometers thick containing polymer aggregates between 5 and 30 mum in diameter, which resulted in a solar cell with J(sc) = 2 muA/cm(2) and V(oc) = 0.2 V. The optimized spin- and cast-coated P3UBT layers were used with the best TiO(2) films to create flat solid-state photovoltaic inorganic-organic hybrid cells with J(sc) = 55 muA/cm(2) and V(oc) = 0.5-0.7 V. Films with fewer defects and aggregates yielded better PV device performance. (C) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Correlation of morphology and device performance in inorganic-organic TiO(2)-polythiophene hybrid solid-state solar cells"
000224559500061	X	"We report on spectroscopic pbotoluminescence (PL) mapping of solar-cell-grade mc-Si ribbon wafers. We observe under UV excitation a broad visible emission from the SiNx:H layer. The samples covered with SiNx:H were subjected to rapid thermal processing at different temperatures, and PL maps were measured before and after treatment. We observed that after RTP treatment the intensity of the PL band was significantly increased, which indicates further reduction of non-radiative defects. The magnitude of these increases depends on the RTP conditions. The visible PL band exhibits a reversible photo quenching of the intensity under 325 nm HeCd laser excitation. The PL intensity can be recovered by annealing with the rate exhibiting a thermally activated behavior. The observed PL photo quenching reveals a metastable process in the SiNx:H film under UV excitation. We demonstrate the possibility of creating a reversible luminescence micro-pattern on the SiNx:H layer using a focused UV laser beam.; Scanning room temperature photoluminescence in SiNx : H layers"
000224588200090	X	"This paper investigates the application of genetic algorithms to linearize power amplifiers with strong memory effects using digital pre-distortion. An algorithm is presented that adapts polynomial predistortion functions to minimize adjacent channel emissions. The paper describes the implementation of this algorithm and compares its performance with those achieved by conventional wideband feedback optimization techniques. Simulation results indicate nearly optimal performance in a limited number of iterations, suggesting that this technique can be employed as a low-cost solution to meet regulatory requirements.; Power amplifier linearization with memory effects using digital pre-distortion and genetic algorithms"
000224614400025	X	"Lack of metrology tools for inspecting high aspect ratio MEMS severely limits the degree to which tolerances of a given part can be examined. Tools such as SEMs, AFMs, vision-based systems, and profilometers are good at examining two-dimensional entities of a part or for calculating surface roughness characteristics. None of these tools, however, can extract full three-dimensional data sets of high aspect ratio MEMS for part inspection. The hardware is either limited by the steep sidewalls of the part or by the simple fact that the acquisition method only collects two-dimensional data. This research proposes a method for extracting three-dimensional information from a part using multiple two-dimensional pointclouds. A fiducial setup is proposed which would allow for the registration of multiple pointclouds. A computer-aided inspection (CAI) software platform has been developed to handle the multiple data sets. The software platform implements a least-squares localization routine to compute the best-fit deviations from the nominal CAD geometry, as well as algorithms to determine the correct alignment between two pointclouds. With this software platform, both form errors of a single pointcloud and geometric errors with respect to multiple pointclouds can be calculated.; Metrology of high aspect ratio MEMS"
000224631600004	X	"Titanium adhesive layers are commonly used in microelectronic and MEMS applications to help improve the adhesion of other metal layers to a silicon substrate. Such Ti/Si interfaces could potentially delaminate under externally applied mechanical loads, thermally induced stresses, or process-induced intrinsic stresses or a combination of these different loads. In order to design against delamination, knowledge of the interfacial fracture toughness of the Ti/Si interface is necessary. However, interfacial fracture toughness data for such interfaces is not widely available in the open literature, in part due to the difficulty, in measuring the strength of thin film interfaces. The Modified Decohesion Test (MDT), a new test developed by the authors, has been used to characterize the mode mix dependent interfacial fracture toughness of a Ti/Si interface. In this approach a highly stressed super lawyer is used to drive delamination and generate any mode mix at the crack tip. MDT uses the change in crack surface area to vary the available energy per unit area for crack growth and thus to bound the interfacial fracture toughness. Therefore, this technique uses a single sample to measure the interfacial fracture toughness. Since the deformations remain elastic, a mechanics-based solution can be used to correlate test parameters to the energy, release rate. Common IC fabrication techniques are used to prepare the sample and execute the test, thereby making the test compatible with current microelectronic or MEMS facilities. Using the MDT interfacial fracture toughness (Gamma) bounds were found for a Ti/Si interface at three mode mixes. At a mode mix. of 19.5 deg, 5.97 J/m(2) less than or equal to Gamma less than or equal to 7.87 J/m(2), at a mode mix of 23 deg, 9.32 J/m(2) less than or equal to Gamma less than or equal to 10.42 J/m(2), and at a mode mix of 30 deg. 12.70 J/m(2) less than or equal to Gamma less than or equal to 17.02 J/m(2).; Interfacial fracture toughness measurement of a Ti/Si interface"
000224675400001	X	"The Single-Sample Decohesion Test (SSDT), developed by the authors, eliminates shortcomings of current interfacial fracture toughness testing methods. In this approach, a highly stressed super layer is used to drive delamination and create any mode mix at the crack tip. SSDT uses the change in crack surface area to vary the available energy per unit area for crack growth and thus to bound the steady state interfacial fracture toughness. Therefore, this technique uses a single sample to measure the interfacial fracture toughness and maintains the advantages of the original decohesion test: (1) SSY conditions, (2) micro-electronics and MEMS representative interfaces, and (3) ability to generate any mode mix. Critical to the usefulness of this test is the availability of a mechanics based analytical model to calculate the test site energy release rate. The test sites are cantilevered thin film strips, which undergo large, nonlinear deflection, consist of multilayered materials, are subject to in-plane biaxial loading, have varying in-plane dimensions, and can be loaded from pure shear to pure peel. In this paper, one dimensional and linear and nonlinear classical laminate plate theories are compared to a finite element representation of the SSDT test site. The regions of applicability of linear and nonlinear analytical models are discussed and nonlinear effects such as the importance of capturing the bifurcation of curvature are highlighted. Application of the nonlinear plate theory model to the test is shown and interfacial fracture toughness results are provided for a Ti/Si interface at several mode mixes.; Single-sample decohesion test: mechanics and implementation"
000224752900076	X	"The design and implementation of a new input switching capacitive microaccelerometer interface circuit with mug resolution is presented. The accelerometers were fabricated on 50 mum thick silicon-on-insulator (SOI) substrates using a two-mask, dry-release and low temperature process [I]. Fabricated devices were interfaced with a high resolution, low noise and low power switched-capacitor integrated circuit (IC) implemented in a 2.5V 0.25 mum N-well CMOS process with the chip size of 0.5x1.3mm(2). The measured sensitivity is 0.45V/g and the output noise floor is 4.4 mug/ rootHz at 150Hz. The total power consumption is 5mW.; A new input switching scheme for a capacitive micro-G accelerometer"
000224794600011	X	"Genetic engineering of progenitor and stem cells is an attractive approach to address cell sourcing limitations associated with tissue engineering applications. Bone tissue engineering represents a promising strategy to repair large bone defects, but has been limited in part by the availability of a sustained, mineralizing cell source. This study examined the in vitro mineralization potential of primary skeletal myoblasts genetically engineered to over-express Runx2/Cbfa1, an osteoblastic transcriptional regulator essential to bone formation. These cells were viable at the periphery of 3D fibrous collagen scaffolds for 6 weeks of static culture. Exogenous Runx2 expression induced osteogenic differentiation and repressed myogenesis in these constructs relative to controls. Runx2-modified cells deposited significant amounts of mineralized matrix and hydroxyapatite, as determined by microcomputed tomography, histological analysis, and Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, whereas scaffolds seeded with control cells exhibited no mineralized regions. Although mineralization by Runx2-engineered cells was confined to the periphery of the construct, colocalizing with cell viability, it was sufficient to increase the compressive modulus of constructs 30-fold relative to controls. This work demonstrates that Runx2 overexpression in skeletal myoblasts may address current obstacles of bone tissue engineering by providing a potent cell source for in vitro mineralization and construct maturation. Additionally, the use of genetic engineering methods to express downstream control factors and transcriptional regulators, in contrast to soluble signaling molecules, represents a robust strategy to enhance cellular activities for tissue engineering applications. (C) 2004 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Runx2/Cbfa1-genetically engineered skeletal myoblasts mineralize collagen scaffolds in vitro"
000224832800006	X	"Transcriptional silencing in fission yeast requires several core components of the RNA interference machinery. A new study suggests that the recently discovered RNA-induced initiation of transcriptional gene silencing complex binds stably to silent chromatin, where it recruits short interfering RNAs and destroys nascent RNA molecules in cis.; RNA interference on chromosomes"
000225104400024	X	"While not generally viewed as physiologically significant in articular cartilage, substantial tension can develop in fibrocartilage structures and in articular cartilage injuries. This study examined how different amplitudes of cyclic tension influence chondrocyte matrix synthesis. Bovine articular chondrocytes seeded in fibrin gels were loaded continuously for 48 hours at 1.0 Hz with displacements of 5%, 10%, or 20%. Protein and proteoglycan synthesis were measured by H-3-proline and S-35-sulfate incorporation, respectively. A poroelastic finite element model of the fibrin gel was developed to determine the strain distributions, hydrostatic pressures, and fluid velocities within the constructs at the various levels of displacement. Compared to unloaded controls, 10% and 20% displacements inhibited proteoglycan synthesis to the same extent, while 5% displacement had no effect. Tensile loading did not significantly affect protein synthesis. The finite element model predicted a wide range of strains and fluid velocities within the region of the gel analyzed for matrix synthesis, and the ranges overlapped for the different levels of displacement. These results indicate that the cyclic tension amplitude influences chondrocyte proteoglycan synthesis and that there may be a threshold in the response.; The influence of cyclic tension amplitude on chondrocyte matrix synthesis: Experimental and finite element analyses"
000225192800016	X	"Several modes of mechanical stimulation, including compression, shear, and hydrostatic pressure, have been shown to modulate chondrocyte matrix synthesis, but the effects of mechanical tension have not been widely explored. Since articular cartilage is primarily loaded in compression, tension is not generally viewed as a major contributor to the stress state of healthy tissue. However, injury or attempted repair may cause tension to become more significant. Additionally, fibrocartilaginous tissues experience significant tensile stresses in their normal mechanical environment. In this study we investigated mechanical tension as a means to modulate matrix synthesis and cytoskeletal organization in bovine articular chondrocytes and meniscal fibrochondrocytes (MFCs) in a three-dimensional fibrin construct culture system. Oscillatory tension was applied to constructs at 1.0 Hz and 0-10% displacement variation using a custom device. For nearly all conditions and both cell types, oscillatory tension inhibited matrix synthesised as indicated by H-3-proline and S-35-sulfate incorporation. Additionally, oscillatory tension significantly increased proliferation by chondrocytes but not MFCs. Confocal imaging revealed that all cells initially displayed a rounded morphology, but over time MFCs spontaneously developed a three-dimensional, stellate morphology with numerous projections containing organized cytoskeletal filaments. Interestingly, while unloaded chondrocytes remained rounded, chondrocytes subjected to oscillatory tension developed a similar stellate morphology. Both the biochemical and morphological results of this study have important implications for successfully developing cartilage and fibrocartilage tissue replacements and repair strategies. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Oscillatory tension differentially modulates matrix metabolism and cytoskeletal organization in chondrocytes and fibrochondrocytes"
000225196800032	X	"RNA is involved in a variety of chromatin modification events, ranging from large-scale structural rearrangements to subtle local affects. Here, we extend the evidence for RNA-chromatin interactions to the centromere core. The data indicate that maize centromeric retrotransposons (CRMs) and satellite repeats (CentC) are not only transcribed, but that nearly half of the CRM and CentC RNA is tightly bound to centromeric histone H3 (CENH3), a key inner kinetochore protein. RNAs from another tandem repeat (180-bp knob sequence) or an abundant euchromatic retroelement (Opie) are undetectable within the same anti-CENH3 immune complexes. Both sense and antisense strands of CRM and CentC, but not small interfering RNAs homologous to either repeat, were found to coimmunoprecipitate with CENH3. The bulk of the immunoprecipitated RNA ranged in size from 40 to 200 nt. These data provide evidence for a pool of protected, single-stranded centromeric RNA within the centromere/kinetochore complex.; Centromere-encoded RNAs are integral components of the maize kinetochore"
000225298500001	X	"An understanding of how mechanical forces impact cells within valve leaflets would greatly benefit the development of a tissue-engineered heart valve. Previous studies by this group have shown that exposure to constant static pressure leads to enhanced collagen synthesis in porcine aortic valve leaflets. In this study, the effect of cyclic pressure was evaluated using a custom-designed pressure system. Different pressure magnitudes (100, 140, and 170 mmHg) as well as pulse frequencies (0.5, 1.167, and 2 Hz) were studied. Collagen synthesis, cell proliferation, sGAG synthesis, alpha-SMC actin expression, and extracellular matrix (ECM) structure were chosen as markers for valvular biological responses. Results showed that aortic valve leaflets responded to cyclic pressure in a magnitude and frequency-dependent manner. Increases in pressure magnitude (with the frequency fixed at 1.167 Hz) resulted in significant increases in both collagen and sGAG synthesis, while DNA synthesis remained unchanged. Responses to pulse frequency (with the magnitude fixed at 100 mmHg) were more complex. Collagen and sGAG synthesis were increased by 25 and 14% respectively at 0.5 Hz; but were not affected at 1.167 and 2 Hz. In contrast, DNA synthesis increased by 72% at 2 Hz, but not at 0.5 and 1.167 Hz. Under extreme pressure conditions (170 mmHg, 2 Hz), collagen and sGAG synthesis were increased but to a lesser degree than at 170 mmHg, and 1.167 Hz. Cell proliferation was not affected. A notable decline in alpha-SMC actin was observed over the course of the experiments, although no significant difference was observed between the cyclic pressure and control groups. It was concluded that cyclic pressure affected biosynthetic activity of aortic valve leaflets in a magnitude and frequency dependent manner. Collagen and sGAG synthesis were positively correlated and more responsive to pressure magnitude than pulse frequency. DNA synthesis was more responsive to pulse frequency than pressure magnitude. However, when combined, pressure magnitude and pulse frequency appeared to have an attenuating effect on each other. The number of alpha-SMC actin positive cells did not vary with cyclic pressure, regardless of pulse frequency and pressure magnitude.; Cyclic pressure affects the biological properties of porcine aortic valve leaflets in a magnitude and frequency dependent manner"
000225363900040	X	"This paper presents a 2.5-V 14-bit fully differential SigmaDelta interface circuit in 0.25-mum CMOS technology for a high-resolution silicon-on-insulator capacitive accelerometer fabricated using a simple CMOS-compatible stictionless process. The integrated circuit is based on programmable front-end back-end first-order SigmaDelta architecture and provides a 1-bit pulse-width modulated digital output. Using correlated double sampling, the low-frequency noise is suppressed by 10 dB. Capacitive resolution is 22 aF at 75 Hz (resolution bandwidth = I Hz), equivalent to 110 mug with a dynamic range of 85 dB (14-bit resolution) and a sensitivity of 500 mV/g. The chip occupies 2 mm(2) and consumes 6 mW.; A 2.5-V 14-bit Sigma Delta CMOS SOI capacitive accelerometer"
000225483700100	X	We have fabricated an efficient organic photovoltaic cell based on a heterojunction of pentacene and C-60. Photocurrent action spectra exhibit broad light-harvesting throughout the visible spectrum with a peak external quantum efficiency (EQE) of 58+/-4% at short-circuit condition. Modeling studies indicate that this high EQE can be partly attributed to the large exciton diffusion length in the pentacene film as well as efficient dissociation of excitons at the pentacene/C-60 heterojunction. (C) 2004 American Institute of Physics.; Efficient thin-film organic solar cells based on pentacene/C-60 heterojunctions
000225597100013	X	Organic photovoltaic cells exhibiting an ideal diode behavior with large fill factor (FF) are presented. It is demonstrated that the. current-voltage characteristics can be well described using the equivalent circuit model that is also used for inorganic solar cells. Resistances associated with the cells and other diode parameters are extracted by fitting the experimental electrical characteristics using the equivalent circuit model. The effects of these parameters on FF are quantitatively described. Changes in these parameters under different illumination conditions are presented and compared to those occurring in inorganic pn-junction solar cells.; Modeling of organic photovoltaic cells with large fill factor and high efficiency
000225920600005	X	In this paper we compare three methods for forming reduced models to speed up genetic-algorithm-based optimization. The methods work by forming functional approximations of the fitness function which are used to speed up the GA optimization by making the genetic operators more informed. Empirical results in several engineering design domains are presented.; Comparison of methods for developing dynamic reduced models for design optimization
000225925100006	X	"We have produced ultrathin epitaxial graphite films which show remarkable 2D electron gas (2DEG) behavior. The films, composed of typically three graphene sheets, were grown by thermal decomposition on the (0001) surface of 6H-SiC, and characterized by surface science techniques. The low-temperature conductance spans a range of localization regimes according to the structural state (square resistance 1.5 kOmega to 225 kOmega at 4 K, with positive magnetoconductance). Low-resistance samples show characteristics of weak localization in two dimensions, from which we estimate elastic and inelastic mean free paths. At low field, the Hall resistance is linear up to 4.5 T, which is well-explained by n-type carriers of density 10(12) cm(-2) per graphene sheet. The most highly ordered sample exhibits Shubnikov-de Haas oscillations that correspond to nonlinearities observed in the Hall resistance, indicating a potential new quantum Hall system. We show that the high-mobility films can be patterned via conventional lithographic techniques, and we demonstrate modulation of the film conductance using a top-gate electrode. These key elements suggest electronic device applications based on nanopatterned epitaxial graphene (NPEG), with the potential for large-scale integration.; Ultrathin epitaxial graphite: 2D electron gas properties and a route toward graphene-based nanoelectronics"
000226006200002	X	"The objective of this paper is to demonstrate the application of genetic algorithms to the engine technology selection process. The ""technology identification, evaluation, and selection"" method is discussed in conjunction with genetic algorithm optimization as a technique to quickly evaluate the impact of various technologies and select the subset with the highest potential payoff. Techniques used to model various aspects of engine technologies are described, with emphasis on technology constraints and their impact oil the combinatorial optimization of technologies. Challenges include objective,function formulation and development of models to deal with incompatibilities among different technologies. Typical results are presented for an 80-technology optimization using various visualization techniques to assist in easy interpretation of genetic algorithm results. Finally, several ideas for future development of these methods are briefly explored.; Application of genetic algorithms in the engine technology selection process"
000226049100003	X	"Bone marrow stromal cells represent a promising cell source for cell-based therapeutic and bone tissue-engineering applications, but are restricted by a low frequency in healthy marrow, an age-related decrease in osteogenic capacity, and a propensity for dedifferentiation during in vitro expansion. To address these limitations, retroviral gene delivery was used to examine the effects of sustained and elevated expression of the Runx2 osteoblastic transcription factor on osteoblastic gene and protein expression and mineralization in primary rat bone marrow stromal cells. Runx2 overexpression upregulated several osteoblast-specific genes, including collagen type I and osteocalcin, and enhanced alkaline phosphatase activity and biological mineral deposition. Forced Runx2 expression in combination with dexamethasone increased matrix mineralization compared with exogenous Runx2 expression or dexamethasone treatment alone, whereas dexamethasone-free control cultures displayed minimal mineralization. These additive effects suggest complementary interactions between Runx2 and dexamethasone-responsive regulatory factors. Finally, Runx2 overexpression in stromal cell cultures undergoing considerable in vitro expansion resulted in higher matrix mineralization capacity compared with controls, which completely lost the ability to produce mineralized matrix even in the presence of dexamethasone. These findings provide a novel strategy for cell-based therapeutic applications requiring significant numbers of osteogenic cells to synthesize mineralized constructs for the treatment of large bone defects.; Exogenous Runx2 expression enhances in vitro osteoblastic differentiation and mineralization in primary bone marrow stromal cells"
000226049100016	X	"Tissue engineering has emerged as a promising strategy to generate bone-grafting substrates. These approaches, however, are limited by an insufficient supply of committed osteoprogenitor cells and dedifferentiation of osteogenic cells during in vitro culture. To address these limitations, we engineered bone marrow stromal cells to constitutively express the osteoblastic transcription factor Runx2/Cbfa1, using retroviral gene delivery. These Runx2-modified cells were integrated into three-dimensional polymeric scaffolds to create tissue-engineered constructs. Compared with control stromal cells, Runx2 overexpression significantly upregulated osteoblastic differentiation and mineralization in vitro and in vivo in an ectopic, nonosseous subcutaneous site. More importantly, in vitro construct development to create a mineralized template before implantation dramatically enhanced subsequent in vivo mineralized tissue formation, providing a novel templating tissue-engineering strategy to improve in vivo mineralization. Finally, Runx2 overexpression and in vitro construct development synergistically enhanced in vivo mineralization compared with in vitro construct development or genetic engineering alone. This work provides a novel integrated genetic and tissue-engineering strategy to create mineralized templates for generating robust bone-grafting material.; Synergy between genetic and tissue engineering: Runx2 overexpression and in vitro construct development enhance in vivo mineralization"
000226343600041	X	"This paper presents the development of tunable filters using ohmic contact microelectromechanical system switches. It is shown that this type of switch is very well suited for the fabrication of low-loss high tuning-range microwave filters. Two sets of tunable Ku-band microstrip filters and resonators have been fabricated, with measured tuning ranges of 20% and 44%, and unloaded quality factors better than 75 in all cases. The 2-bit 5.7% fractional bandwidth, tunable bandpass filters exhibit insertion losses lower than 3.2 dB in all states.; Low-loss 2-bit tunable bandpass filters using MEMS DC contact switches"
000226466700019	X	"Investigations of high molecular weight recombinant protein triblock copolymers demonstrate unique opportunities to systematically modify material microstructure on both nano- and mesolength scales in a manner not been previously demonstrated for protein polymer systems. Significantly, through the biosynthesis of BAB-type copolymers containing flanking, plastic-like end blocks and an elastomeric midblock, virtually cross-linked protein-based materials were generated that exhibit tunable properties in a manner completely analogous to synthetic thermoplastic elastomers. Through the rational choice of processing conditions that control meso- and nanoscale structure, changes of greater than 3 orders of magnitude in Young's modulus (0.03-35 MPa) and 5-fold in elongation to break (250-1300%) were observed. Extensibility of this range or magnitude has not been previously reported for virtually cross-linked copolymers that have been produced by either chemical or biosynthetic approaches. We anticipate that these versatile protein-based thermoplastic elastomers will find applications as novel scaffolds for tissue engineering and as new biomaterials for controlled drug release and cell encapsulation.; Protein-based thermoplastic elastomers"
000226477000013	X	"The condensation of nucleic acids into well-defined particles is an integral part of several approaches to artificial cellular delivery. Improvements in the efficiency of nucleic acid delivery in vivo are important for the development of DNA- and RNA-based therapeutics. Presently, most efforts to improve the condensation and delivery of nucleic acids have focused on the synthesis of novel condensing agents. However, short oligonucleotides are not as easy to condense into well-defined particles as gene-length DNA polymers and present particular challenges for discrete particle formation. We describe a novel strategy for improving the condensation and packaging of oligonucleotides that is based on the self-organization of half-sliding complementary oligonucleotides into long duplexes (ca. 2 kb). These non-covalent assemblies possess single-stranded nicks or single-stranded gaps at regular intervals along the duplex backbones. The condensation behavior of nicked- and gapped-DNA duplexes was investigated using several cationic condensing agents. Transmission electron microscopy and light-scattering studies reveal that these DNA duplexes condense much more readily than short duplex oligonucleotides (i.e. 21 bp), and more easily than a 3 kb plasmid DNA. The polymeric condensing agents, poly-l-lysine and polyethylenimine, form condensates with nicked- and gapped-DNA that are significantly smaller than condensates formed by the 3 kb plasmid DNA. These results demonstrate the ability for DNA structure and topology to alter nucleic acid condensation and suggest the potential for the use of this form of DNA in the design of vectors for oligonucleotide and gene delivery. The results presented here also provide new insights into the role of DNA flexibility in condensate formation.; Condensation of oligonucleotides assembled into nicked and gapped duplexes: potential structures for oligonucleotide delivery"
000226481800012	X	"In this paper, a general solution is presented for the realization of microfluidic systems containing multiple compartments with sequential functions. The approach utilizes multilayer plastic/glass/silicon microfluidic system configurations with integrated electrical, optical, and fluid control functionalities. The approach allows for the integration of on-column, on-chip electrical conductivity/impedance detectors and driving electrodes, as well as for the integration of on-column, off-chip optical detection using resonance light scattering. A process-compatible latex microvalve is demonstrated and characterized. The procedure utilizes a novel packaging technique for realizing integrated fluid and electrical interfaces between the microsystem and conventional tubing/instrumentation. The microfluidic system demonstrated in this work contains some of the most commonly used components in bioanalysis systems and can be used as a platform to fabricate more sophisticated microscale bioanalysis systems for a variety of applications.; An approach to multilayer microfluidic systems with integrated electrical, optical, and mechanical functionality"
000226496400003	X	"This paper describes a decision support evolution model using Genetic Algorithm (GA) as the evolution algorithm and Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) as the evaluation mechanism. The model is integrated with a visualization module to allow users to interact and select form instances as the design evolves. The advantages of such an evolutionary decision support design approach is that diverse instances of the state space can be investigated in relation to specific goal requirements which will enhance the possibility of discovering a variety of potential solutions. The model allows the user to explore and visualize the design evolution and its form generation in an attempt to stimulate the designer creativity that might contribute to their output. The process uses an iterative approach that allows design to be evaluated using CFD analysis automatically to maximize several thermal and ventilation criteria. Design change will then be performed, remeshed and displayed based on the evolutionary algorithms. The process allows the user to experience the morphine of the design based on its performance and continues until the designer has the opportunity to visualize the evolution of the final set of de-sign alternatives. (C) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Decision support and design evolution: integrating genetic algorithms, CFD and visualization"
000226599600358	X	"In this paper, we present an RF MEMS switch developed on a low cost, flexible liquid crystal polymer (LCP) substrate. LCP's very low water absorption (0.04%), low dielectric loss and multi-layer circuit capability make it very appealing for RF systems-on-a-package (SOP). Here we present for the first time capacitive MEMS switch fabrication on an LCP substrate and its characterization and properties up to 40 GHZ.; Low cost RF MEMS switches using LCP substrate"
000226675500021	X	"A model shed antigen, ovalbumin (OVA), was incorporated into polymeric biomaterial carriers made of poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) in the form of microparticles (MP) or scaffolds (SC). These polymeric biomaterial carrier vehicles with incorporated antigen were then injected or implanted into mice and the resulting time-dependent systemic humoral immune response towards the controlled released OVA was assessed by following the OVA-specific IgG concentration and isotypes using ELISA. To assess the differential level of enhancement of the immune response depending on the form of carrier vehicle (MP vs. SC), the total amount of polymer and OVA delivered was kept constant as well as the release rate of OVA for both carrier vehicles. The level of the humoral immune response was higher and sustained for OVA released from PLGA SC which were implanted with associated tissue damage, and lower and transient when the same amount of polymer and OVA were delivered from PLGA MP, which were minimally invasively delivered by injection. This immune response was primarily Th2 helper T cell-dependent, although for the strong adjuvant, CFA, and PLGA SC carriers there was both a Th2 and Th1 response contribution. These results implicate 'danger signals' associated with the implantation of the scaffolds due to tissue injury which primed the system for an enhanced immune response. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; The effect of the physical form of poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) carriers on the humoral immune response to co-delivered antigen"
000227143800027	X	"Synthesis and characterization of cinnamated Type I collagen and its related mechanical properties after photomediated crosslinking were investigated in detail. Using an EDC/NHS conjugation method, collagen was chemically modified to incorporate a photosensitive cinnamate moiety. The cinnamated collagen was fully characterized by H-1 NMR, UV-vis, and circular dichroism (CD) spectroscopy, as well as by rheological and mechanical analyses. Cinnamated collagens with varying degrees of derivatization. retained collagen triple helical structure. The rheological spectra of collagen solutions demonstrate that the storage modulus decreases with increasing cinnamate content, owing to a decrease in physical crosslinking. The kinetics of the crosslinking process in both hydrated gels and dry films were monitored by UV-vis spectroscopy and confirmed that crosslinking was complete within 60 min of irradiation. The uniaxial stress-strain behavior of crosslinked collagen films, including Young's modulus and ultimate tensile strength, was comparable to values reported for glutaraldehyde-crosslinked monomeric collagen films. These data demonstrate that derivatization of collagen with photosensitive cinnamate moieties provides a facile route for solid-state crosslinking, thereby improving the mechanical properties of collagen and enhancing the potential applicability of collagen-based materials in tissue engineering and drug delivery. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Photomediated crosslinking of C6-cinnamate derivatized type I collagen"
000227270100023	X	"Quality control and metrology are critical to improved productivity and yield in MEMS design and production. This paper presents a micrograting interferometer for use in measuring MEMS devices. The sensor is also capable of making dynamic measurements, qualifying the functionality of the MEMS devices. The system employs a phase sensitive diffraction grating for interferometric axial resolution and a microfabricated lens for improved lateral resolution. The microinterferometer is capable of array implementation and can be used to increase the yield of MEMS manufacturing processes. The results generated by a single microinterferometer show good correlation with both analytic models and measurements of the MEMS devices by other metrology tools. The microinterferometer enables measurement of steady state vibration of MEMS devices as well as the development of suffice vibration profiles. Initial results presented in this paper also demonstrate the ability to measure quantities such as part surface curvature, as well as reduce low frequency vibrational noise. The use of a deformable diffraction grating is proposed to further enhance the sensor's capabilities.; Scanning grating microinterferometer for MEMS metrology"
000227350700005	X	"Actin-related proteins (ARPs) share moderate sequence homology and basal structure with conventional actins and are found in all eukaryotes. While the functions of most of the divergent ARPs are not clear, several of them are localized to the nucleus and have been identified as components of various chromatin-modifying complexes. Using an antibody to Arabidopsis AtARP4, we found this conserved homolog of human BAF53 and yeast Arp4 is concentrated in the nucleoplasm of Arabidopsis, Brassica, and tobacco cells. To gain further insight into the role of ARP4, we have examined Arabidopsis plants that are defective in AtARP4 expression. Phenotypic analysis of the arp4-1 mutant allele, which has a T-DNA insertion in the promoter region and a moderate reduction in the level of AtARP4 protein expression, revealed partial sterility due to defects in anther development. Targeting the distinct, 3' UTR of AtARP4 transcripts with RNA interference caused a drastic reduction in the level of AtARP4 protein expression in several independent transgenic lines, and resulted in strong pleiotropic phenotypes such as altered organization of plant organs, early flowering, delayed flower senescence and high levels of sterility. Western blot analysis and immunolabeling demonstrated a clear correlation between reductions in the level of AtARP4 expression and severity of the phenotypes. Based on our results and data on the orthologs of AtARP4 in yeast and other organisms, we suggest that AtARP4 is likely to exert its effects on plant development through the modulation of chromatin structure and subsequent changes in gene regulation.; Silencing the nuclear actin-related protein AtARP4 in Arabidopsis has multiple effects on plant development, including early flowering and delayed floral senescence"
000227513600028	X	"Vital organs maintain dense microvasculature to sustain the proper function of their cells. For tissue-engineered organs to function properly, artificial capillary networks must be developed. We have microfabricated capillary networks with a biodegradable and biocompatible elastomer, poly( glycerol sebacate) ( PGS). We etched capillary patterns onto silicon wafers by standard microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) techniques. The resultant silicon wafers served as micromolds for the devices. We bond the patterned PGS film with a flat film to create capillary networks that were perfused with a syringe pump at a physiological flow rate. The devices were endothelialized under flow conditions, and part of the lumens reached confluence within 14 days of culture. This approach may lead to tissue-engineered microvasculature that is critical in vital organs engineering.; Endothelialized microvasculature based on a biodegradable elastomer"
000227716400024	X	"The decrease in feature sizes of micro-electronic devices has underlined the need for higher number of I/O's in order to increase its functionality. This has spurred a great interest in developing electronic packages with fine and ultra fine pitches (20-100 microns). Most of the compliant interconnects that . are currently being developed have inductance and resistance higher than desirable. This paper presents a novel low-temperature fabrication process that combines polymer structures with electroless copper plating to create low stress MEMS structures for extremely fine pitch wafer level packages. Finite Element Analysis of these structures shows tremendous reduction in the stresses at the interfaces and superior reliability as IC-package nano interconnects. Low CTE polyintide structures with ultra-low stress, high toughness and strength were fabricated using plasma etching. This dry etching process was tuned to yield a wall angle above 80 degrees. The etching process also leads to roughened sidewalls for selective electroless copper plating on the sidewalls of polymer structures. Metal-coated polymer structures from MEMS fabrication techniques can provide low-cost high-performance solutions for wafer-level-packaging. This work also describes a material solution synthesis route to develop reworkable nano-dimensional interfaces for IC-package bonding. Reworkability is addressed by a thin (200 nm) interface of lead-free high-strength solders using selective electroless plating. Lead-free alloy films were deposited from aqueous plating solutions consisting of suitable metal salts and reducing agents at 45 degrees C. The lead-free solder composition was controlled by altering the plating bath formulation and was characterized using SEM, XRD and XPS. Solder film formed from the above approach was demonstrated to bond the metal-coated polymer interconnects with the copper pads on the substrate.; Ultra fine-pitch wafer level packaging with reworkable composite nano-interconnects"
000227882000049	X	"The fabrication approach for microneedles using the coherent porous silicon (CPS) etching technology is presented here. Microcapillaries and microneedles form one of the components for microfluidic systems that have potential applications in drug delivery, genomics, and in micro-total-analysis systems used in detection of microbes, cells and macromolecules. This work provides a unique fabrication technology for micro-capillaries and microneedles. Porous silicon has been used in MEMS for several other applications. This is the first reported use in fabrication of microneedles. CPS technology is used to fabricate microneedle arrays with different pitch and diameters. When biological media are involved, the issue of biocompatibility arises and the use of silicon dioxide eliminates that problem because of its relative inertness in bio-medical applications. (c) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; A unique fabrication approach for microneedles using coherent porous silicon technology"
000227896900001	X	"The first generation of clinically applied tissue engineering concepts in the area of skin, cartilage and bone marrow regeneration was based on the isolation, expansion and implantation of cells from the patient's own tissue. Although successful in selective treatments, tissue engineering needs to overcome major challenges to allow widespread clinical application with predictable outcomes. One challenge is to present the cells in a matrix to the implantation site to allow the cells to survive the wound healing contraction forces, tissue remodeling in certain tissues such as bone and biomechanical loading. Hence, several tissue engineering strategies focus on the development of load-bearing scaffold/cell constructs. From a cell source point of view, bone engineers face challenges to isolate and expand cells with the highest potential to form osseous tissue along with harvesting tissue without extensive donor site morbidity. A major hurdle to tissue engineering is de-differentiation and limited ability to control cell phenotype following in vitro expansion. Due to early successes with genetic engineering, bone tissue engineers have used different strategies to genetically alter various types of mesenchymal cells to enhance the mineralization capacity of tissue-engineered scaffold/cell constructs. Although the development of multi-component scaffold/osteogenic cell constructs requires a combination of interdisciplinary research strategies, the following review is limited to describe the general aspects of bone engineering and to present overall directions of technology platforms, which include a genetic engineering component. This paper reviews the most recent work in the field and discusses the concepts developed and executed by a collaborative effort of the multi-disciplinary teams of the two authors. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Scaffold-based bone engineering by using genetically modified cells"
000227941600016	X	"Developments in manufacturing techniques have been heavily dependent on the ability to characterize the process through measuring and analyzing the produced part. This is especially important for new manufacturing processes that are still in the early stages of development such as MEMS fabrication. Metrology techniques (i.e. tomography, interferometry) are used on these parts to gather 3D point cloud data. The data are then analyzed and compared with the original design. Many engineered components can be analyzed by fitting primitives to the point cloud using nonlinear least squares minimization. The minimizer requires a starting point (initial guess) that does not lead to a local minimum (an incorrect solution). This paper will present numerical methods that use bounding box strategies for obtaining initial estimates for the iterative least-squares fitting of analytic primitives (plane, torus, and the specific quadrics of sphere, right circular cone, and right circular cylinder) to point cloud data.; Bounding box techniques to initialize optimization of primitive geometry fitting"
000228081500041	X	"This paper presents the first monolithic, microstrip-based X-band tuner with ohmic contact MEMS switches for efficiency optimization of class-E power amplifiers (PAs). The tuner is based on a ""3bit-3bit"" digital design, and uses 6 radial shunt stubs that can be selected via integrated ohmic contact MEMS switches. The simulated tuning range for post-production efficiency optimization of a 10 GHz amplifier varies from 0.63 to 57 Omega for the real part and from -7.5 to 51.8 Omega for the imaginary part. Measured results of the monolithic tuners fabricated on silicon substrate show a good agreement with the simulated tuning range of the PAs. The measured max VSWR is 38, and the tuner size is 6x7mm(2).; A monolithic reconfigurable tuner with ohmic contact MEMS switches for efficiency optimization of X-band power amplifiers"
000228081500085	X	"In this abstract we describe the work in progress on a 4-bit coplanar waveguide (CPW) MEMS phase shifter simulated, fabricated, and measured at 14 GHz on 400 mu m high-resistivity silicon (epsilon(r) = 11.7). Simulated results using a full wave simulator predict a return loss better than - 19 dB and isolation better than -0.1 dB for a one bit phase shifter using perfectly conducting lines. Measurement results for single MEMS switches have shown -22 dB return loss. and -.095 dB isolation in the UP (not activated) state and -0.83 dB return loss and -14.5 dB isolation in the DOWN (activated) state. It has also been shown that the single bit phase shifters exhibit accurate phase shifts, but higher than expected loss.; 14GHz MEMS 4-bit phase, shifter on silicon"
000228309500013	X	"This article presents a rigorous simulation-based optimization framework that enables concurrent and consistent decision-making in building design. Analytical Target Cascading (ATC), a multi-level engineering design optimization framework, is extended to thermal and HVAC design in buildings. The framework facilitates computational decision support for meeting building performance goals, allows autonomy of specialized design tasks with timely and efficient use of analysis tools, and preserves dependencies between possibly competing building performance goals. A pilot application demonstrates how ATC functions in the context of building design. Relevance and benefits of this hierarchical optimization approach to multi-criteria building performance problems are also discussed. Published by Elsevier B.V.; Analytic target cascading in simulation-based building design"
000228315900001	X	"Recombinant DNA synthesis was employed to produce elastin-mimetic protein triblock copolymers containing chemically distinct midblocks. These materials displayed a broad range of mechanical and viscoelastic responses ranging from plastic to elastic when examined as hydrated gels and films. These properties could be related in a predictable fashion to polymer block size and structure. While these materials could be easily processed into films and gels, electrospinning proved a feasible strategy for creating protein fibers. All told, the range of properties exhibited by this new class of protein triblock copolymer in combination with their easy processability suggests potential utility in a variety of soft prosthetic and tissue engineering applications. (C) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Viscoelastic and mechanical behavior of recombinant protein elastomers"
000228430000157	X	"This paper presents a low-cost low-temperature packaging technique for wafer-level encapsulation of MEMS devices fabricated on any arbitrary substrate. The packaging process presented here does not involve wafer bonding and can be applied to a wide variety of MEMS devices after their fabrication sequence is completed. Our technique utilizes thermal decomposition of a sacrificial polymeric material through a polymer overcoat cap, and can be applied to both surface and bulk micromachined structures. Encapsulation of high-Q silicon-on-insulator resonators, and thick silicon gyroscopes and accelerometers are presented.; A low cost wafer-level MEMS packaging technology"
000228537700007	X	"The deposition of a thin film is a dynamic process that is complex and subject to unmeasured disturbances. When the dynamics and final material properties are dominated by atomic scale phenomena, it is difficult to apply existing optimization and control tools to improve process repeatability and to optimize the resulting material properties. Currently, feedback loops are used to control sensed quantities, and optimization has been applied to macroscopic reactor conditions like fluid flow. Ultimately, one would like to directly control the material properties that determine the performance of an integrated circuit or MEMS device, even when the property of interest is not directly measured. In this simulation study, several estimation strategies are explored to infer surface roughness from a measurement of step density. The dynamics of the growth process are represented by an atomic scale kinetic Monte-Carlo simulation, whose computational demands are then reduced through model reduction. The reduced order model is used in the estimator, which is then applied to the full Monte-Carlo simulation. The surface roughness estimate is used with a feedback controller, which corrects for temperature offset and modeling error in the presence of input and output noise. (c) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; An estimation study for control of a lattice model of thin film deposition"
000228602600072	X	"This work focuses on two fundamental processes in organic solar cells-exciton dissociation and charge recombination-and describes how quantum-chemical calculations can be exploited to estimate the molecular parameters that determine the rates of these processes. The general concepts behind our approach are illustrated by considering a donor-acceptor complex made of a phthalocyanine (electron donor) molecule and a perylene (acceptor) molecule. The results highlight how the relative rates of the two processes depend on the dimensionality of the molecules, their relative positions, the symmetry of the relevant electronic levels, and the polarity of the medium. It is shown, for instance, that highly symmetric configurations of the complex can strongly limit charge recombination; this emphasizes the need for a fine control of the supramolecular organization at organic-organic interfaces in donor-acceptor blends.; Photoinduced charge generation and recombination dynamics in model donor/acceptor pairs for organic solar cell applications: A full quantum-chemical treatment"
000228667200005	X	"This paper presents an integrated approach for the facilities design problem. It develops a method for the concurrent determination of the block layout, the locations of departmental input and output (I/O) points using the contour distances between the I/O points, and the material flow paths between the I/O points. The topology of block layouts is represented using two linear sequences (sequence-pair), which allows the layout to have either a slicing or a non-slicing structure. The block layout is obtained from the sequence-pair with a linear programming formulation. Three heuristic methods are then presented to determine for a given block layout the locations of the I/O points on the perimeters of the departments. The flow paths from output to input points are found by determining the shortest paths that follow the perimeters of the departments. The linear programming algorithm, the shortest path algorithm, and the I/O point location heuristics are embedded into a simulated annealing algorithm that modifies the sequence- pair to obtain a high-quality layout based on the contour distances between the I/O points. Results of computational experiments show that the performance of this integrated algorithm compares favourably with those of algorithms using a sequential approach and is capable of solving industrial-sized problems in acceptable computation time.; An integrated approach for the concurrent determination of the block layout and the input and output point locations based on the contour distance"
000228764100019	X	"A micrograting interferometer has been fabricated to use in measuring the static and dynamic performance of MEMS devices. These measurements aid in qualifing the functionality of fabricated MEMS devices, as well as improving fabrication techniques. The metrology system uses a phase sensitive diffraction grating for interferometric axial resolution and a microfabricated lens for improved lateral resolution. In addition, active control is applied to the system to reduce the impact of mechanical vibrations and insure a high degree of measurement sensitivity. The control scheme is demonstrated successfully in the scanning of MEMS devices in the experiment. A deformable grating, which controls measurement sensitivity, has been fabricated and integrated with optoelectronics in small volume. Experiments with the integrated package demonstrate that the measurement sensitivity can be adjusted by actuating the deformable grating. This integrated single device illustrates that the deformable grating sensor can be expanded to form arrays for parallel measurement of MEMS device.; Actively controlled diffraction grating interferometer MEMS devices"
000228770400029	X	"The optimal design space for a bistable magnetic actuator with ultra-low actuation energy and large actuation distance (100 mu m) has been modeled. Attention was paid to minimizing the energy expended to minimize heat dissipation and power consumption so that the device could be used over a wide temperature range, including cryogenic environments. A more desirable switching regime existing for low magnetic fields (10 mT) was found that requires shorter pulses (microsecond versus millisecond) and lower actuation energy (< 5 mu J versus 100 mu J) than designs outside of this space. The device was modeled to latch in two states, based on the interaction of the magnetic actuator with an external magnetic field. (c) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Magnetically bistable actuator Part 1. Ultra-low switching energy and modeling"
000228770400030	X	"A bistable magnetic MEMS actuator was fabricated using microelectronic processes including a two-substrate flip-chip assembly, multilevel metallization, and sublimation release to avoid stiction. The actuator was found to have excellent correspondence between observed and modeled behavior. The benefits of shape anisotropy are quantified. Lithographic patterning of the magnetic material into long narrow strips along the actuator's length resulted in much greater magnetic torques being developed at reduced external field levels. Low levels of anisotropy led to designs with low levels of magnetization and therefore required higher external magnetic fields, whereas high levels of anisotropy led to designs latching at 10 mT levels with contact forces greater than 5 RN with switching energies less than 100 mu J and a switching speed of less than 5 ms. More moderate levels of anisotropy resulted in a design space where < 1 mu L switching energies could be realized. Electrical performance has been demonstrated over 2 million cycles, and mechanical performance to 150 million cycles. Applications include electronics, microfluidics, and cryogenic devices. (c) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Magnetically bistable actuator Part 2. Fabrication and performance"
000228804900016	X	"The overall goal of our work is to develop new methods and materials for the fabrication of hierarchically structured, three-dimensional (3D) tissue scaffolds. Conventional scaffolds commonly lack substantial mechanical strength, and there is difficulty in controlling porosity, pore distribution, and pore interconnectivity. Additionally, the chemical nature of these scaffolds is typically homogenous. The ability to chemically modify selected areas on a scaffold is one method to direct cell growth in deliberate patterns; which could aid in the engineering of complex, functioning tissues. The general aim of this work is to address these issues through the application of stereolithography (SL) to the fabrication of hierarchically structured scaffolds. In order to achieve this goal, photopolymedzable materials must be developed that are both compatible with cell growth and with SL processing. SL methods are designed to produce arbitrary control over the physical structure of the part. In addition to physical structure control, control over the local surface chemistry of the scaffold is also desired. This would permit the use of both physical and chemical cues to control cell behavior in a tissue engineering construct. Chemical control could be achieved in SL methods by using photopolymerizable materials that can also be selectively chemically modified during the SL part building process. This paper provides an update on our work directed at using combined photoradical initiated polymerization and photoacid generator based chemical modification of a polymeric scaffold via multi-wavelength SL to produce hierarchically structured scaffolds.; New materials and methods for hierarchically structured tissue scaffolds"
000228834900015	X	"This paper presents recent advances in the HARPSS micromachining technology, which enables implementation of movable Single Crystal Silicon (SCS) structures with high aspect ratio vertical air gaps on low-resistivity silicon substrate. This is suitable for applications of micro-gravity accelerometers, low voltage tunable capacitors, and high-resolution gyroscopes that require aspect ratios as large as 100:1 to achieve high sensitivity and wide tuning range. The single-sided HARPSS process eliminates the need for double-sided processing, and wafer bonding to subsequently package the device. The device thickness and gap spacing can be varied in a wide range, 30-150 mu m and 0.2-2 mu m respectively, to select the performance range. The movable MEMS elements are made of bulk silicon substrate, resulting in higher mass, higher quality factor (Q), and better shock resistance, compared to using polysilicon (poly) as the movable structure. This process provides a mechanism for creating corrugation in SCS electrodes to reduce the Brownian noise of sensors. This technique realxes the need to reduce the noise by using the maximum available mass and through-wafer etch. The corrugations are created by a DRIE technique for etching poly surrounded by oxide inside the isolation trenches. Also, uniform capacitive gap spacings are created by growing sacrificial oxide inside the trenches.; Thick single crystal silicon MEMS with high aspect ratio vertical air-gaps"
000228999400017	X	"Embryonic stem (ES) cells could potentially serve as an excellent cell source for various applications in regenerative medicine and tissue engineering. Our laboratory is particularly interested in generating a reproducible endothelial cell source for the development of prevascularized materials for tissue/organ reconstruction. After developing methods to isolate highly purified (&GT; 96%) proliferating populations of endothelial cells from mouse embryonic stem cells, we tested their ability to form three-dimensional (3-D) vascular structures in vitro. The ES cell-derived endothelial cells were embedded in 3-D collagen gel constructs with rat tail collagen type I (2 mg/mL) at a concentration of 106 cells/mL of gel. The gels were observed daily with a phase-contrast microscope to analyze the time course for endothelial cell assembly. The first vessels were observed between days 3 and 5 after gel construct formation. The number and complexity of structures steadily increased, reaching a maximum before beginning to regress. By 2 weeks, all vessel-like structures had regressed back to single cells. Histology and fluorescent images of the vessel-like structures verified that tube structures were multicellular and could develop patent lumens. We have shown that endothelial cells derived, purified and expanded in vitro from ES cells sustain an important endothelial cell function, the ability to undergo vasculogenesis in collagen gels, indicating that endothelial products derived in vitro from stem cells could be useful in regenerative medicine applications.; Use of embryonic stem cell-derived endothelial cells as a cell source to generate vessel structures in vitro"
000229158500004	X	"No satisfactory method currently exists for bridging neural defects. Autografts lead to linadequate functional recovery. and most available artificial neural conduits possess unfavorable swelling and pro-inflammatory characteristics. This Study examined the biocompatibility of a novel biodegradable elastomer, poly(glycerol sebacate) (PGS), for neural reconstruction applications, as the material possesses favorable mechanical property and degradation characteristics. The effect of PGS on Schwann cell metabolic activity, attachment, proliferation, and apoptosis were examined in vitro in comparison with poly(lactide-co-glycolide) (PLGA), a biomaterial widely utilized for tissue engineering applications. The in vivo tissue response to PGS was compared with PLGA implanted juxtaposed to the sciatic nerve; the physical changes in the implant material were measured during the degradation process. PGS had no deleterious effect on Schwann cell metabolic activity, attachment, or proliferation, and did not induce apoptosis; the in vitro effects of PGS were similar to or superior to that of PLGA. In vivo, PGS demonstrated a favorable tissue response profile compared with PLGA, with significantly less inflammation and fibrosis and Without detectable swelling during degradation. PGS is an excellent candidate material for neural reconstruction applications given its lack of in vitro Schwann cell toxicity and minimal in vivo tissue response. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Biocompatibility analysis of poly(glycerol sebacate) as a nerve guide material"
000229257100003	X	"Quantitative understanding of cutting forces under hard turning conditions is important for thermal modeling, tool life estimation, chatter prediction, and tool condition monitoring purposes. Although significant research has been documented on the modeling of forces in the turning operation in general, turning of hardened materials involves several distinctive process conditions, including negative tool rake angle, large tool nose radius, and rapid tool wear These process conditions warrant specific treatment in the analysis of cutting forces. This paper first addresses these issues by formulating an oblique chip formation force model through the extension of a two-dimensional (2D) mechanistic force model while considering the effect of tool geometry complexities. The coefficients of the mechanistic force model are estimated by applying a genetic algorithm in overcoming the lack of explicit normal equations. Then the forces occurring due to flank wear are modeled by extending a 2D worn tool force modeling approach into a three-dimensional analysis to accommodate the effect of low feed rate, small depth of cut, and relatively large tool nose radius in hard turning. The total cutting forces are the linear summation of forces due to chip formation and forces due to flank wear The model-predicted forces match well with experimental results in the turning of hardened 52100 bearing steel under practical cutting conditions (low feed rate, small depth of cut, and gentle cutting speed) using cubic boron nitride (CBN) tools under the progressive tool flank wear conditions.; Modeling of cutting forces under hard turning conditions considering tool wear effect"
000229338900030	X	"In this paper, recent advancements related to a novel approach for fabricating low cost capacitive radio frequency microelectromechanical (RF MEMS) switches using directly photodefinable high dielectric constant metal oxides are discussed. In this approach, a radiation sensitive metal-organic precursor is deposited via spin coating and converted patternwise to a metal oxide using exposure to ultraviolet fight. The feasibility of this approach has previously been demonstrated by fabricating bridge-type and cantilever-type RF MEMS switches. These early experiments showed that the photopatterned oxides displayed dielectric breakdown strengths that were insufficient for reliable operation of MEMS switches which required actuation voltages on the order of 20 V to 30 V. Recent work has focused on developing advanced processes based on the photodefinable metal-organic approach that can produce oxides with higher dielectric breakdown strengths and higher dielectric constants. A variety of post-patterning processes, including thermal baking and oxygen plasma annealing, were investigated and the impact of such processing on the resulting dielectric properties are discussed in this paper. It is shown that a combination of thermal annealing and oxygen plasma treatment can substantially improve the dielectric breakdown strength of the metal oxides produced using the photosensitive metal-organic process.; Photodefinable metal oxide dielectrics II: Direct fabrication of patterned high-k dielectrics for low cost RF capacitive MEMS switches"
000229365500049	X	"The vascular smooth muscle cell (VSMC) is surrounded by a complex extracellular matrix that provides and modulates a variety of biochemical and mechanical cues that guide cell function. Conventional two-dimensional monolayer culture systems recreate only a portion of the cellular environment, and therefore there is increasing interest in developing more physiologically relevant three-dimensional culture systems. This review brings together recent studies on how mechanical, biochemical, and extracellular matrix stimulation can be applied to study VSMC function and how the combination of these factors leads to changes in phenotype. Particular emphasis is placed on in vitro experimental studies in which multiple stimuli are combined, especially in three-dimensional culture systems and in vascular tissue engineering applications. These studies have provided new insight into how VSMC phenotype is controlled, and they have underscored the interdependence of biochemical and mechanical signaling. Future improvements in creating more complex in vitro culture environments will lead to a better understanding of VSMC biology, new treatments for vascular disease, as well as improved blood vessel substitutes.; Mechanical, biochemical, and extracellular matrix effects on vascular smooth muscle cell phenotype"
000229525500008	X	"Electricity market restructuring, advances in energy generation technology and agreements on the reduction of global greenhouse gas emissions have paved the way for an increase in the use of distributed generation. This paper formulates and discusses a methodology for the optimal siting of distributed generators and reclosers a security and reliability constrained distribution network can accept. Optimal siting is determined by sensitivity analysis of the power flow equations. The sizing method for a set of loading conditions, generation penetration level and power factor is formulated as a security constrained optimization problem. The information on optimal generation sites is used further to optimize system reliability assessed via reliability indices calculation. A genetic algorithm is designed to solve for optimal recloser positions when distributed generators are deployed in a securely optimal manner. &COPY; 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Placement of distributed generators and reclosers for distribution network security and reliability"
000229565100024	X	"This work examines the effect of microstructure upon microcantilever bending stiffness. An existing beam theory model, based upon an isotropic Hooke's law constitutive relationship, is compared to a model based upon a micropolar elasticity constitutive model. The micropolar approach introduces a bending stiffness relation which is a function of any two independent elastic constants of the Hooke's law model (e.g., the elastic modulus and the Poisson's ratio), and an additional material constant (called &gamma;). A consequence of the additional material constant is the prediction of an increased bending stiffness as the cantilever thickness decreases-a stiffening due to the material microstructure which becomes measurable at micron-order thicknesses. Polypropylene microcantilevers, which have a non-homogeneous microstructure due to their semi-crystalline nature, were fabricated via injection molding. A nanoindenter was used to measure their stiffness. The nanoindenter-determined stiffness values, which include the effect of the additional micropolar material constant, are compared to stiffness values obtained from beam theory. The nanoindenter stiffness values are seen to be at least four times larger than the beam theory stiffness predictions. This stiffening effect has relevance in future MEMS applications which employ materials with non-homogeneous microstructures instead of the conventional MEMS materials (e.g., silicon, silicon nitride), which have a very uniform microstructure.; Role of material microstructure in plate stiffness with relevance to microcantilever sensors"
000229610400083	X	"We have used a Genetic Algorithm (GA) to develop simple firing neuron models consisting of a single compartment with one inward and one outward current. The GA not only chooses the model parameters, but also chooses the formulation of the ionic currents (Le. single-variable, two-variable, instantaneous, or leak). The fitness function of the GA compares the output of the GA generated models to an I-F curve of a nominal Morris-Lecar (ML) model. Initially, several different classes of models compete among the population. However, the GA converges to a population containing only ML-type firing models with an instantaneous inward and single-variable outward current. Simulations where ML-type models are not allowed in the population are also investigated. This GA approach allows the exploration of a universe of feasible model classes that is less constrained by model formulation assumptions than traditional parameter estimation approaches.; Use of a genetic algorithm for neuron model specification"
000229689300006	X	"This paper examines the value of real-time traffic information to optimal vehicle routing in a nonstationary stochastic network. We present a systematic approach to aid in the implementation of transportation systems integrated with real-time information technology. We develop decision-making procedures for determining the optimal driver attendance time, optimal departure times, and optimal routing policies under time-varying traffic flows based on a Markov decision process formulation. With a numerical study carried out on an urban road network in Southeast Michigan, we demonstrate significant advantages when using this information in terms of total cost savings and vehicle usage reduction while satisfying or improving service levels for just-in-time delivery. Index Terms-Dynamic programming, Markov decision process, nonstationary stochastic shortest path problem, real-time traffic information, vehicle routing.; Optimal vehicle routing with real-time traffic information"
000230047400008	X	"The InGaN material system is investigated to achieve high efficiency solar cells, using tandem and quantum-well structures to implement high efficiency concepts. Here InGaN p-i-n and quantum-well solar cells are designed, grown by MOCVD and fabricated into mesa devices. They are electrically characterized by I-V response under dark, white light and UV illumination and internal quantum efficiency (IQE). Material characterization is done by Xray diffraction, photoluminescence and photoemission. InGaN solar cells with high In compositions are grown in two configurations, one incorporating it into the i-region of a p-i-n solar cells, and the other incorporating as the well-region of a quantum-well device. A QE of 8% was measured from these quantum-wells. Solar cells with In lean In0.07Ga0.93N p-i-n device structures show an IQE of 19% as well as photoemission at 500nm, confirming the suitability of the material for photovoltaic applications.; Characterization and analysis of InGaN photovoltaic devices"
000230047400020	X	"In this paper material triads (quantum-dot/barrier/substrate) are presented that may implement quantum dot intermediate band solar cells with conversion efficiencies greater than 60%. Triads whose barrier material and substrate material are lattice-matched are presented. In addition, triads are presented with the lattice constant of the substrate in-between the lattice constant of the barrier and the lattice constant of the quantum dot. The latter case provides triads that may remove strain during epitaxial growth.; Quantum dot intermediate band solar cell material systems with negligable valence band offsets"
000230047400234	X	"Solar cell efficiency enhancement resulting from the implementation of a high-sheet-resistance emitter (95 Omega/sq.) in multicrystalline silicon solar cells with screen-printed contacts is demonstrated in this paper. Solar cells on low-cost String Ribbon Si from Evergreen Solar, Baysix mc-Si from Deutsche Solar, and high-quality float zone silicon with 45 Omega/sq. and 95 Omega/sq. phosphorus-doped n(+)-emitters are fabricated with RTP-fired screen-printed contacts and characterized to asses the impact of a high-emitter-sheet resistance emitter on cell performance. Screen-printed mc-Si solar cells show an improvement in V-oc of 4-5 mV in most cases that is attributed to the use of the high-sheet-resistance emitter. An appreciable increase in J(sc) by as much as 1.0 mA/cm(2) is also observed due to enhanced blue response identified by internal quantum efficiency measurement.; Implementation of a homogeneous high-sheet-resistance emitter in multicrystalline silicon solar cells"
000230047400289	X	"In this paper we report on the fabrication, characterization and analysis of high efficiency planar screen-printed solar cells with high sheet resistance emitter similar to 100 Omega/square. Three single crystalline materials were used in this study including; boron doped magnetically stabilized Cz (MCz), gallium-doped Cz (GaCz) and float zone (FZ). For these three materials, a wide range of resistivities was investigated including Fz - 0.6-4.1 Omega-cm, MCz - 1.2-5.3 Omega-cm and Ga-Cz 2.6-33 Omega-cm. Energy conversion efficiencies of 17.7% were achieved on both Fz (0.6-Omega-cm) and MCz (1.2-Omega-cm) while 16.9% was obtained on GaCz silicon material. The 17.7% efficiency achieved on these two materials is the highest energy conversion efficiency reported on a planar screen-printed silicon solar cell. These results demonstrate the importance of high sheet resistance emitter in achieving high efficiency manufacturable solar cells.; High efficiency screen-printed planar solar cells on single crystalline silicon materials"
000230168100068	X	We present studies of the current-voltage characteristics of organic solar cells based on heterojunctions of pentacene and C-60 as a function of illumination intensity. The photovoltaic response at a given illumination level is parameterized and modeled using the equivalent circuit model developed for inorganic pn-junction solar cells. Reduction in shunt resistance and increase in diode reverse saturation current density are observed upon increase of the light intensity. We demonstrate that this effect can be modeled by a refined equivalent circuit model that contains an additional shunt resistance and an additional diode the properties of which are functions of the light intensity. The effects of these additional components on the overall photovoltaic performance are discussed. (c) 2005 American Institute of Physics.; Intensity-dependent equivalent circuit parameters of organic solar cells based on pentacene and C-60
000230186300008	X	"This paper proposes a stochastic programming model and solution algorithm for solving supply chain network design problems of a realistic scale. Existing approaches for these problem,, are either restricted to deterministic environments or can only address a modest number of scenarios for the uncertain problem parameters, Our solution methodology integrates a recently proposed sampling strategy, the sample average approximation (SAA) scheme, with an accelerated Benders decomposition algorithm to quickly compute high quality solutions to large-scale stochastic supply chain design problems with a huge (potentially infinite) number of scenarios. A computational study involving two real supply chain networks are presented to highlight the significance of the stochastic model as well is the efficiency of the proposed solution strategy. (c) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; A stochastic programming approach for supply chain network design under uncertainty"
000230321200006	X	"The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends which strains of influenza to include in each year's vaccine to countries around the globe. The current WHO strategy attempts to match the vaccine strains with the expected upcoming epidemic strains, a strategy we refer to as the follow policy. The recently proposed antigenic distance hypothesis suggests that vaccine efficacy can be enhanced by taking into account the antigenic histories of vaccinees. To assess the potential benefit of history-based vaccination, we formulate the annual vaccine-strains selection problem as a stochastic dynamic program using the theory of shape space, which maps each vaccine and epidemic strain into a point in multidimensional space. Computational results show that a near-optimal policy can be derived by approximating the entire antigenic history by a single reduced historical strain, and then solving the multiperiod problem myopically, as a series of single-period problems. The modest suboptimality of the follow policy, together with our current inability to quantitatively link the model's objective function (a measure of cross-reactivity) with actual vaccine efficacy, leads us to recommend the continued use of the follow policy.; Optimization of influenza vaccine selection"
000230431700007	X	"Vascular endothelial cells (EC) are exposed to a complex biomechanical environment in vivo and are responsible for relaying important messages to the underlying tissue. EC and smooth muscle cells (SMC) communicate to regulate vascular development and function. In this work, a vascular perfusion bioreactor is used to grow tubular constructs seeded with EC and SMC under pulsatile shear stress in long-term co-culture to study the effects of EC on SMC function. SMC seeded into porous poly(glycolic acid) tubular scaffolds are cultured in the bioreactor for 25 days. Constructs are seeded with EC on day 10 or day 23 creating 2-day (short-term) or 15-day (long-term) EC and SMC co-cultures. Long-term EC-SMC co-culture significantly increases cell proliferation and downregulates collagen and proteoglycan deposition compared to short-term co-culture. After 25 days of culture, 15-day co-culture constructs have a more uniform cell distribution across the construct thickness and SMC express a more contractile phenotype compared to 2-day co-culture constructs. These data demonstrate strong interactions between SMC and EC in the bioreactor under physiologically relevant conditions. Thus, the vascular construct perfusion bioreactor is an important tool to investigate cell-cell and cell-extracellular matrix interactions in vascular cell biology and tissue engineering.; Endothelial cell-smooth muscle cell co-culture in a perfusion bioreactor system"
000230503500006	X	"This paper reports our work on an electromagnetically actuated on/off microvalve. The microvalve consists of three main components: a soft magnetic base, a Au microcoil and a soft magnetic dome with supported legs. The microvalve is built entirely by surface micromachining on top of a single silicon wafer. It has an overall diameter of 1100 mu m. It has an overall height of 600 mu m, which includes the thickness of the silicon substrate. By turning on or off the current to the microcoil, the microvalve closes or opens the flow of liquid through its orifice. The on/off microvalve was tested for its performance in the flow of 50% diluted methanol with water at the flow rate of 1 mu l min(-1). The operational power of the microvalve was in the range of 0.3-1.2 W. The operational current was in the range of 0.27-0.6 A. The microvalve has a leaking rate in the order of 0.003 mu l min(-1).; An electromagnetic actuated on/off microvalve fabricated on top of a single wafer"
000230503500025	X	"A surface-micromachined, multilayer, embedded conductor fabrication process is presented. The process is based on high-aspect-ratio MEMS via formation and subsequent conformal/plate-through-mold metallization. Using this process, the fabrication of epoxy-embedded, high-Q electroplated RF inductors is demonstrated. This process has two attractive features. First, the embedded nature of these interconnects and inductors allows conventional handling and packaging of inductor/interconnect/chip systems without additional mechanical consideration for the inductor structure and without its significant electrical degradation after further packaging. Second, since the embedding material forms a permanent structural feature of the device, embedding materials that would otherwise be difficult to remove during the fabrication process are instead very appropriate for this technology. The epoxy-based implementation of this technology is low temperature and compatible with post-processing on CMOS foundry-fabricated chips or wafers. Multiple solenoid-type inductors with varying numbers of turns and core-widths are fabricated on a silicon substrate using this technology. A six-turn solenoid type inductor shows an inductance of 2.6 nH and a peak Q-factor of 20.5 at 4.5 GHz.; Embedded conductor technology for micromachined RF elements"
000230570500030	X	"We have fabricated 4-cm(2) cells on String Ribbon Si wafers with efficiencies of 17.8 % by using a combination of laboratory and industrial processes. These are the most efficient String Ribbon devices made to date, demonstrating the high quality of the processed silicon and the future potential for industrial String Ribbon cells. A rapid thermal process was used to co-fire silicon nitride (SiNx), which was deposited using plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition, and At to boost the minority carrier lifetime of bulk Si. Front contacts formed by using photolithography were used to achieve low shading losses and low contact resistance with a good blue response. The firing temperature and time were studied with respect to the trade-off between hydrogen retention and aluminum back-surface field (Al-BSF) formation. Bulk defect hydrogenation and deep Al-BSF formation took place in a very short time (similar to 1 sec) at temperatures higher than 740 degrees C.; String ribbon silicon solar cells with 17.8 % efficiency"
000230574900035	X	"Whole-genome sequencing of the protozoan pathogen Trypanosoma cruzi revealed that the diploid genome contains a predicted 22,570 proteins encoded by genes, of which 12,570 represent allelic pairs. Over 50% of the genome consists of repeated sequences, such as retrotransposons and genes for large, families of surface molecules, which include trans-sialidases, mucins, gp63s, and a large novel family (>1300 copies) of mucin-associated surface protein (MASP) genes. Analyses of the T. cruzi, T. brucei, and Leishmania major (Tritryp) genomes imply differences from other eukaryotes in DNA repair and initiation of replication and reflect their unusual mitochondrial DNA. Although the Tritryp lack several classes of signaling molecules, their kinomes contain a large and diverse set of protein kinases and phosphatases; their size and diversity imply previously unknown interactions and regulatory processes, which may be targets for intervention.; The genome sequence of Trypanosoma cruzi, etiologic agent of Chagas disease"
000230581600029	X	"A novel nanocomposite photo-definable material which can act both as a photoresist and a stress redistribution layer applied on the wafer level was synthesized and studied. In the experiments, the 20nm silica fillers are modified by silane coupling agent through the hydrolysis and condensation reaction and then incorporated into the epoxy matrix. A photo-sensitive initiator is added into the formulation which can release the cation's after UV exposure and initiate the epoxy crosslinking reaction. The photo-crosslinking reaction of the epoxy makes it a negative tone photoresist. The curing reaction of the nanocomposites is monitored by the differential scanning calorimeter (DSC) with photo-calorimetric accessory (PCA). The. thermal mechanical properties of photo-cured nanocomposites thin film are measured. The addition of nano-size silica fillers not only reduces the thermal expansion and improves the mechanical property of the epoxy, but also has less influence on the optical property of the epoxy, which insures the occurrence of the photo reaction in epoxy.; Photo-definable nanocomposite for wafer level packaging"
000230581600287	X	"Due to the surface smoothness of micromachined structures, strong adhesions forces between these fabricated structures and the substrate can be developed. Once contact is made, the magnitude of these forces is sufficient to deform and attract these structures to the substrate, resulting in device failure. This type of failure is one of the dominant sources of yield loss in microelectromechanical system (MEMS) fabrications. The basic approaches to prevent stiction include increasing surface roughness and/or lowering solid surface energy by coating with low surface energy materials. By nature, the Lotus Effect surface is an excellent model surface of a combined effect of hydrophobicity and micro/nano scale structure topography. Such surfaces have water droplet contact angles of 150 degrees or higher. The intrinsically superhydrophobic surfaces can avoid an attractive capillary force which pulls the MEMS microstructure to the substrate; as such they reduce van der Waals forces as well. To prepare a lotus effect surface, aligned carbon nanotubes (ACNTs) that are perpendicular to the substrate surface are created. The nanotubes were grown in a chemical vapor deposition (CVD) tube furnace system from a vaporphase mixture of xylene and ferrocene. The ferrocene was the nucleation initiator and xylene as the carbon source. Multiwalled carbon nanotubes of 20-30 nm in diameter were fabricated onto SiO2 surfaces that were deposited by the plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) method. The average center-to-center spacing (pitch) between adjacent nanotubes was similar to 50 nm. The as-grown vertical nanotubes showed good adhesion to the substrate, which made the nano-scaled roughness possible. The initial water contact angle on the as-grown aligned CNT surface was 155 degrees. To improve the stability of the superhydrophobic surface, the aligned CNTs were modified by fluorinated polymers formed by PECVD. The as-grown CNTs were characterized using scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and high resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM).; Lotus effect surface for prevention of microelectromechanical system (MEMS) stiction"
000230581600288	X	"This paper presents neural network and genetic algorithm based modeling and design of millimeter wave RF front end circuits. The neuro-genetic design methodology is compose of two stages. Stage one consists of the development of an accurate neural network model for the microwave filters from the measured data. This model can be used to perform sensitivity analysis and derive response surfaces. In the second stage, the neural network model is used in conjunction with genetic algorithms to synthesize millimeter wave devices with desired electrical specifications. The synthesis methodology uses an accurate model that accounts for the manufacturing variations and parameter indeterminacy issues. Furthermore, the genetic synthesis algorithm uses a priority scheme to account for tradeoffs among various electrical characteristics to provide the best design. This method has been used to synthesize mm-wave low pass and band pass filters. The electrical response obtained from the layout parameters predicted by the method matches the desired electrical characteristics within 5%. The generic nature of the technique suggests potential extension to other mm-wave front ends, such as antennas, diplexers and baluns.; Millimeter wave RF front end design using neuro-genetic algorithms"
000230614300025	X	"A novel optimization algorithmic framework based on dynamic programming is proposed for solving multi-product supply chain management problems with manufacturing and distribution decisions under demand uncertainty. To generate reliable suboptimal policy for simulation and restricted state space identification, a deterministic mathematical programming (MILP) approach is utilized. The simulation data with fixed action profiles obtained from the MILPs with different demand patterns is directly utilized for real-time decision making with initial 'profit-to-go' values.; Stochastic dynamic programming with localized cost-to-go approximators - Application to large scale supply chain management under demand uncertainty"
000230735000023	X	"Diamondlike carbon (DLC) is an amorphous form of carbon that may contain a high fraction of sp(3)-hybridized carbon atoms. DLC thin films possess high hardness values, low coefficient of friction values, chemical inertness, and compatibility with human cells. The cardiovascular, orthopedic, ophthalmic, biosensor, and microelectromechanical system (MEMS) device applications for diamondlike carbon thin films are reviewed. Finally, processing of nanostructured diamondlike carbon thin films for medical applications is presented. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Nanostructured diamondlike carbon thin films for medical applications"
000230925500144	X	"We present an approach for tracking varying number of objects through both temporally and spatially significant occlusions. Our method builds on the idea of object permanence to reason about occlusions. To this end, tracking is performed at both the region level and the object level. At the region level, a customized Genetic Algorithm is used to search for optimal region tracks. This limits the scope of object trajectories. At the object level, each object is located based on adaptive appearance models, spatial distributions and inter-occlusion relationships. The proposed architecture is capable of tracking objects even in the presence of long periods of full occlusions. We demonstrate the viability of this approach by experimenting on several videos of a user interacting with a variety of objects on a desktop.; Tracking multiple objects through occlusions"
000231064600026	X	"Genomic imprinting is the differential expression of maternally and paternally inherited alleles of specific genes. Several organismic level hypotheses have been offered to explain the evolution of genomic imprinting. We argue that evolutionary explanations of the origin of imprinting that focus exclusively on the organismic level are incomplete. We propose that the complex molecular mechanisms that underlie genomic imprinting originally evolved as an adaptive response to the mutagenic potential of transposable elements (TEs). We also present a model of how these mechanisms may have been co-opted by natural selection to evolve molecular features characteristic of genomic imprinting. Copyright (c) 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel.; Host defenses to transposable elements and the evolution of genomic imprinting"
000231206600020	X	"The actin-related proteins (ARPs) that are localized to the nucleus are present as components of various chromatin-modifying complexes involved in chromatin dynamics and transcriptional regulation. Arabidopsis ( Arabidopsis thaliana) ARP7 is a constitutively expressed nuclear protein belonging to a novel plant-specific ARP class. In this study, we demonstrate a vital role for ARP7 protein in embryogenesis and plant development. Knocking out the expression of ARP7 in an arp7-1 T-DNA mutant produced morphologically aberrant, homozygous embryos that were arrested at or before the torpedo stage of development. Hence, the arp7-1 null mutation is homozygous lethal. Knocking down the expression levels of ARP7 protein with RNA interference produced viable Arabidopsis lines affected in multiple developmental pathways and induced dosage-dependent, heritable defects in plant architecture. The transgenic plants containing greatly reduced levels of ARP7 in the nucleus were severely dwarfed with small rosette leaves that are defective in cell expansion and trichome morphology. Moreover, the ARP7-deficient RNA interference plants exhibited retarded root growth, altered flower development, delayed perianth abscission, and reduced fertility. These pleiotropic phenotypic changes suggest a critical role for the Arabidopsis ARP7 protein in the regulation of various phases of plant development through chromatin-mediated, global regulation of gene expression.; Arabidopsis ARP7 is an essential actin-related protein required for normal embryogenesis, plant architecture, and floral organ abscission"
000231347200019	X	"This paper, the first of the two parts, presents coupling techniques for implementation of high order narrow-bandwidth bandpass filters from micromechanical resonators using electrical coupling elements. Active and passive coupling elements are used in this work to implement high order resonant systems from individual MEMS resonators. The concept of passive coupling of resonators using capacitors as the coupling elements for filter synthesis and its electromechanical modeling is presented. Active coupling of resonators using transistor-based amplifying circuits is introduced and demonstrated as well. Capacitively coupled bandpass filters with integrated coupling capacitors and filter quality factor as high as 1500 at operating frequency of 810 kHz are practically demonstrated. 2x Q-amplification was obtained from a resonator array consisting of three resonator stages interconnected with active interface circuits. (C) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Electrically coupled MEMS bandpass filters - Part 1: With coupling element"
000231347200020	X	"This paper, the second of two parts, introduces electrostatic coupling of micromechanical resonators for implementation of high-order narrow-bandwidth bandpass filters. The concept of electrostatic coupling of closely spaced microresonators and its electromechanical modeling is presented. Electrostatic coupling of resonators does not require any distinct physical coupling elements. The electrostatic coupling strength between the resonators is sharply dependant on the applied polarization voltages to the resonators. Hence the coupling strength and consequently filter bandwidth can be tuned over a wide range after fabrication. It is shown that electrostatic coupling provides the highest degree of tunability and design flexibility among the available microresonator coupling approaches. Low frequency single crystal silicon prototypes of second order electrostatically coupled filters are fabricated and characterized. Filter quality factor as high as 6800 (0.015% BW) with more than one decade of bandwidth tunability is demonstrated for a second order electrostatically coupled beam filter at center frequency of 170 kHz. (C) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Electrically coupled MEMS bandpass filters - Part II. Without coupling element"
000231403900005	X	"In this study, fuzzy sets are utilized to interpret uncertainty in aquifer parameters in the solution of groundwater optimization problems. For this purpose, an optimization model is developed for the design of groundwater remediation systems with multiple uncertain parameters and multiple candidate pumping wells. The uncertain parameters selected include hydraulic conductivity and longitudinal and transverse dispersion coefficients. A genetic algorithm embedded with fuzzy vertex algebra is used to solve the optimization model. This approach is an extension of an earlier method proposed by the writers that is more suitable for large scale applications with multiple uncertain parameters. The numerical experiments are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of the procedures discussed in this study. The approach presented in this study provides guidance for the interpretation of uncertain parameters in groundwater optimization problems using fuzzy sets. The computational results show that the combined use of genetic algorithms and fuzzy vertex analysis yields an efficient method for the solution of optimization problems with multiple uncertain aquifer parameters.; Remediation system design with multiple uncertain parameters using fuzzy sets and genetic algorithm"
000231553300068	X	"Physical and electrical properties of screen-printed Ag thick-film contacts were studied and correlated to understand and achieve good-quality ohmic contacts to high-sheet-resistance emitters for solar cells. Analytical microscopy and surface analysis techniques were used to study the Ag-Si contact interface of three different screen-printed Ag pastes (A, B, and PV168) subjected to high (similar to 835 degrees C) and conventional (740-750 degrees C) temperature firing conditions. At similar to 750 degrees C firing, all three pastes failed on a 100 Omega/square emitter because of incomplete etching of the silicon nitride film (PV168), an irregular small distribution of regrown Ag crystallites (paste A), or an excessive diffusion of Ag into the p-n junction (paste B). At a firing temperature of similar to 835 degrees C, paste A gave a lower open-circuit voltage because of the diffusion of Al from the glass frit into the emitter region. Paste B failed because of the formation of very large (0.3-1 mu m) Ag crystallites that shunted the p-n junction. Of the three pastes, the PV168 paste from DuPont gave the best contact quality on a 100 Omega/square emitter with a solar cell fill factor of 0.782 only after annealing in a hydrogen atmosphere. (c) 2005 The Electrochemical Society.; Understanding the formation and temperature dependence of thick-film Ag contacts on high-sheet-resistance Si emitters for solar cells"
000231577700012	X	"Heat removal in printed wiring boards (PWB) is primarily accomplished through conduction. This work presents a microelectromechanical system (MEMS) device comprised of an active cooling substrate (ACS) designed and fabricated to add fluidic cooling functionality to the PWB. Thermal management is enhanced through the additional heat convection mode. Synthetic jet technology makes the compact, but easily integrated, MEMS cooling device possible. The fluid control unit, a synthetic jet, has been implemented in an epoxy-glass printed wiring board by multilayer lamination. An air reservoir is drilled through the core of printed wiring board. A flexible polymeric diaphragm and a low profile electromagnetic driver create an active pumping system to produce vibrating air jets downstream of microfluidic channels which transports heat generated by hot microelectronic components. Test heater chips have been directly die attached to the substrate. The integrated packaging system has been characterized mechanically, electrically, and thermally. Peak jet velocities of 14 m/s and average jet velocities of approximately 3 m/s have been achieved at actuator powers of 60 mW. This integrated active cooling substrate has the potential for broad applications in thermal management at the system packaging level.; Active cooling substrates for thermal management of microelectronics"
000231857600005	X	"Portable (standards-compliant) systems software is usually associated with unavoidable overhead from the standards-prescribed interface. For example, consider the POSIX Threads standard facility for using thread-specific data (TSD) to implement multithreaded code. The first TSD reference must be preceded by pthread_ getspecific(), typically implemented as a function or macro with 40-50 instructions. This paper proposes a method that uses the runtime specialization facility of the Tempo program specializer to convert such unavoidable source code into simple memory references of one or two instructions for execution. Consequently, the source code remains standard compliant and the executed code's performance is similar to direct global variable access. Measurements show significant performance gains over a range of code sizes. A random number generator ( 10 lines of C) shows a speedup of 4.8 times on a SPARC and 2.2 times on a Pentium. A time converter ( 2,800 lines) was sped up by 14 and 22 percent, respectively, and a parallel genetic algorithm system ( 14,000 lines) was sped up by 13 and 5 percent.; Achieving efficiency and portability in systems software: A case study on POSIX-compliant multithreaded programs"
000231999900003	X	"Routing vehicles based on real-time traffic conditions has been shown to significantly reduce travel time, and hence cost, in high-volume traffic situations. However, taking real-time traffic data and transforming them into optimal route decisions are a computational challenge. This is in a large part due to the amount of data available that could be valuable in the route selection. The authors model the dynamic route determination problem as a Markov decision process (MDP) and present procedures for identifying traffic data having no decision-making value. Such identification can be used to reduce the state space of the MDP, thereby improving its computational tractability. This reduction can be achieved by a two-step process. The first is an a priori reduction that may be performed using a stationary deterministic network with upper and lower bounds on the cost functions before the trip begins. The second part of the process reduces the state space further on the nonstationary stochastic road network as the trip optimally progresses. The authors demonstrate the potential computational advantages of the introduced methods based on actual data collected on a road network in southeast Michigan.; State space reduction for nonstationary stochastic shortest path problem's with real-time traffic information"
000232189100067	X	"Passive wireless pressure sensors, originally developed for use in harsh environments, have been adapted for use in the human body. The application of these sensors is as monitors of endovascularly-repaired abdominal aortic aneurysms. For this application, the devices must be permanently implanted deep within the body and be functional for the remainder of the patient's life. Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) manufacturing technologies have been utilized to fabricate sensors with sizes and form factors suitable for endovascular delivery and permanent implantation. The sensors are interrogated with an external measurement antenna and a real-time waveform of the pressure environment is extracted. This paper reports the development and clinical demonstration of these sensors.; Micromachined endovascularly-implantable wireless aneurysm pressure sensors: From concept to clinic"
000232189100124	X	"The implementation and preliminary characterization of a new in-plane capacitive microaccelerometer with submicro-gravity resolution (< 200ng/root Hz) and very high sensitivity ( 15pF/g) is presented. The accelerometers are fabricated in thick (100 m) silicon-on-insulator (SOI) substrates using a 2-mask ftilly-dry-release process that provides large seismic mass (10milli-g), reduced capacitive gaps, and reduced in, plane stiffness. The fabricated devices were interfaced to a high resolution switched-capacitor CMOS IC that eliminates the need for area-consuming reference capacitors. The measured sensitivity is 83mV/mg (17pF/g) and the output noise floor is -91dBm/Hz at 10Hz (corresponding to an acceleration resolution of 170ng/root Hz). The IC consumes 6mW power and measures 0.65mm(2) core area.; Sub-micro-gravity capacitive SOI microaccelerometers"
000232189100170	X	"This paper reports the high-speed experimental characterization of a microscale, axial-flux, permanent-magnet (PM) generator to failure. A single-phase, open-circuit voltage of 0.9 V-rms was measured at 225 krpm, which corresponds to 3.3 W of DC power if the machine were connected via power electronics to a matched resistive load. Finite-element analysis was used to model and examine the mechanical design of the high-speed rotor assembly to increase the speed and, hence, output power of the device. Ultimately, rotor speeds of 325 krpm were achieved using a titanium rotor housing.; High-speed characterization and mechanical modeling of microscale, axial-flux, permanent-magnet generators"
000232189100214	X	"A method for coarse and fine mechanical frequency tuning of MEMS resonators is presented in this paper. Controlled material deposition onto microresonator top surfaces enables resonance frequency shifts toward higher or lower frequency, depending on the resonator structural materials. An analytical derivation is presented and experimental testing on single-crystal silicon resonator beams coated with gold demonstrates the viability of the method. Resonance frequency shifts over 11% with a tuning resolution of 90 Hz /nm of deposited metal are recorded. The performances of the tuned resonators are investigated and modeled. Metal deposition on SCS resonators revealed large Q-decreases, from 25,000 to 5,000. A post-tuning annealing step, at temperature < 300C, is utilized to restore the initial high-Q of the resonators.; High-Q mechanical tuning of MEMS resonators using a metal deposition-annealing technique"
000232193200016	X	"The biological response of valves to mechanical forces is not well understood. The aim of this study was to design a pulsatile system to enable the ex vivo study of aortic valves when subjected to various hemodynamic conditions. A bioreactor was designed to subject porcine aortic valves to physiological and pathophysiological pressure and flow conditions, while maintaining viability and sterility. Pressure and flow rate could be independently controlled to produce clinically relevant mechanical conditions. The oxygen transfer rate was characterized and sterile operation was achieved over 96 hours. The oxygenation capabilities ensure sufficient oxygen transport to valves, allowing operation for extended periods.; Design of a sterile organ culture system for the ex vivo study of aortic heart valves"
000232252100010	X	"Objective: To compare matrix composition and glycosaminoglycan (GAG) fine structure among five scaffolds commonly used for in vitro chondrocyte culture and cartilage tissue engineering. Design: Bovine articular chondrocytes were seeded into agarose, alginate, collagen I, fibrin and polyglycolic acid (PGA) constructs and cultured for 20 or 40 days. In addition to construct DNA and sulfated GAG (sGAG) contents, the Delta-disaccharide compositions of the chondroitin/dermatan sulfate GAGs were determined for each scaffold group via fluorophore-assisted carbohydrate electrophoresis (FACE). Results: Significant differences were found in cell proliferation and extracellular matrix accumulation among the five scaffold groups. Significant cell proliferation was observed for all scaffold types but occurred later (20-40 days) in PGA constructs compared to the other groups (0-20 days). By 40 days, agarose constructs had the highest sGAG to DNA ratio, while alginate and collagen I had the lowest levels. Quantitative differences in the A-disaccharide composition of the GAGs accumulated in the different scaffolds were also found, with the most striking variations in unsulfated and disulfated Delta-disaccharides. Agarose constructs had the highest fraction of disulfated residues and the lowest fraction of unsulfated residues, with a 6-sulfated/4-sulfated disaccharide ratio most similar to that of native articular cartilage. Conclusions: The similarities and differences among scaffolds in proteoglycan accumulation and GAG composition suggest that the scaffold material directly or indirectly influences chondrocyte proteoglycan metabolism and may have an influence on the quality of tissue engineered cartilage. (c) 2005 OsteoArthritis Research Society International. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Variations in matrix composition and GAG fine structure among scaffolds for cartilage tissue engineering"
000232571000002	X	"In many radio frequency (RF) microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) applications, currents are confined to the outermost portions of conductors due to the skin effect. Conductors consisting of polymer cores coated with metal, the so-called polymer-core conductor, are appropriate to consider for these applications, and in many instances are easier to fabricate than their solid-metal-core counterparts. Implementation of polymer-core conductors using an SU-8 epoxy-core patterning and subsequent metal electrodeposition is reported. The SU-8 core approach allows for relatively simple formation of extremely high-aspect-ratio columns for inductor sidewalls. In addition, an SU-8 bridge fabrication technique has been realized using a double exposure and single develop scheme. The bridge thickness has been characterized as a function of the optical dose and the post bake time in an oven. Three-dimensional, high-aspect-ratio, high Q-factor, solenoid-type RF inductors are fabricated and tested to demonstrate the feasibility of the polymer-core conductor approach for RF applications. A single, vialess metallization over SU-8 back-bone structure provides the complete conducting paths of the inductor. A single turn inductor that is 900 mu m in height and 600 mu m in lateral extension shows a maximum Q-factor of 84 and an inductance of 1.17 nH at 2.6 GHz.; Polymer-core conductor approaches for RF MEMS"
000232710500010	X	"Surface microstructure is a critical parameter for scaffolds used in skeletal muscle tissue engineering. We have developed micromachined surfaces using matrix assisted pulsed laser evaporation-direct write (MAPLE-DW) that demonstrate differential adherence of C2C12 myoblast cells. The 60-400 mu m diameter channels were micromachined onto 2% agarose surfaces using an ArF excimer laser and lined with Matrigel (R) basement membrane matrix solution. Suspensions containing C2C12 myoblast cells were then placed on the surface of these micromachined channels. The C2C12 myoblast cells aligned themselves parallel to the 60-150 mu m channels. Live/dead assays over 72 h demonstrated that cell number, cell size, and number of nuclei per cell increased within these channels. In addition, some of the myoblasts fused and differentiated into multinucleated myotubes. These results provide the basis for the development of direct-write scaffolds for skeletal muscle tissue engineering (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Two-dimensional differential adherence and alignment of C2C12 myoblasts"
000232763000007	X	"The small Arabidopsis genome contains nine metallothionein-like (MT) sequences with classic, cysteine-rich domains separated by spacer sequences, quite unlike the small conserved MT families found vertebrate genomes. Phylogenetic analysis revealed four ancient and divergent classes of plant MTs that predate the monocot-dicot divergence. A distinct cysteine spacing pattern suggested differential metal ion specificity for each class. The in vivo stability of representatives of the four classes of plant MT proteins and a mouse MT2 control expressed in E. coli were enhanced by cadmium (Cd). Particular MTs were also stabilized by arsenic (As), copper (Cu), and or zinc (Zn). To understand why plants have such a diversity of MT sequences, the Arabidopsis MT1 class, comprised of three genes, MT1a, MT1b, and MT1c, was characterized in more detail in plants. MT1 family transcripts were knocked down to less than 5-10% of wild-type levels in Arabidopsis by expression of a RNA interference (RNAi) construct. The MT1 knockdown plant lines were all hypersensitive to Cd and accumulated several fold lower levels of As, Cd, and Zn than wildtype, while Cu and Fe levels were unaffected. The ancient class of MT1 protein sequences may be preserved in plant genomes, because it has distinct metal-binding properties, confers tolerance to cadmium, and can assist with zinc homeostasis.; The plant MT1 metallothioneins are stabilized by binding cadmiums and are required for cadmium tolerance and accumulation"
000232786300065	X	"Cystein proteinases (gingipains) from Porphyromonas gingivalis cleave a broad range of in-host proteins and are considered to be key virulence factors in the onset and development of adult periodontitis and host defense evasion. In periodontitis, an inflammatory disease triggered by bacterial infection, the production of hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is induced not only by various factors derived from the host, such as inflammatory cytokines, but also by bacterial components. In this study we examined the possible enhanced production of HGF produced by human gingival fibroblasts upon stimulation with gingipains. Arginine-specific gingipain (Rgp) caused a marked production of HGF into the supernatant, the induction of HGF expression on the cell surface, and the up-regulation of HGF mRNA expression in a dose-dependent and an enzymatic activity-dependent manner. Because it has been reported that Rgp activated protease-activated receptors (PARs), we examined whether the induction of HGF triggered by Rgps on human gingival fibroblasts occurred through PARs. An RNA interference assay targeted to PAR-1 and PAR-2 mRNA revealed that gingipains-induced secretion of HGF was significantly inhibited by RNA interference targeted to PAR-1 and PAR-2. In addition, the Rgps-mediated HGF induction was completely inhibited by the inhibition of phospholipase C and was clearly inhibited by RNA interference targeted to p65, which is an NF-kappa B component. These results suggest that Rgps activated human gingival fibroblasts to secrete HGF in the inflamed sites and the mechanism(s) involved, may actively participate in both inflammatory and reparative processes in periodontal diseases.; Arginine-specific gingipains from Porphyromonas gingivalis stimulate production of hepatocyte growth factor (scatter factor) through protease-activated receptors in human gingival fibroblasts in culture"
000233122300026	X	"This paper investigates both theoretically and experimentally the dielectric charging effects of capacitive RF microelectromechanical system switches with silicon nitride as dielectric layer. Dielectric charging caused by charge injection tinder voltage stress was observed. The amphoteric nature of traps and its effect on the switch operation were confirmed tinder, both positive and negative control voltages. It has been confirmed that charging is a complicated process, which can be better described through the stretched exponential relaxation. This mechanism is thermally activated with an activation energy being calculated from the temperature dependence of the capacitance transient response. The charging mechanism, which is responsible for the pull-out voltage and the device failure, is also responsible for the temperature-induced shift of the capacitance minimum bias.; Temperature study of the dielectric polarization effects of capacitive RF MEMS switches"
000233284500020	X	"This work presents an approach to separate the thermal response due to ultrasonic excitation and ball deformation through novel application of aluminum-polysilicon thermopile sensors under the bond pad. These integrated thermopile sensors measure temperature at a radial distance under the bond pad, in contrast to the previously reported average measurements over the bond pad interface or around the bond pad over a radial distance. The high sensitivity and signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the sensor allow direct measurements of the signal, without any amplification or filtration. Transient temperature variations at two radial locations were obtained using two versions of thermopile sensor designs. The sensor response was interpreted using representative finite-element thermal modeling for the process. Results from modeling reveal that the thermal response is a strong function of radial location. These results also reveal that the thermal response due to interfacial heating is significantly higher under the bond pad, as compared to that around the bond pad. This is in agreement with the experimental observations. Critical points on the temperature variation curve were identified. These points can be used to correlate the sensor response to shear test data. Once the sensor response is calibrated, it can be used to monitor the bonding process. Measurements were performed at substrate temperatures of 150 degrees C and 200 degrees C, along with the microwelds characterization at the bonding interface. The comparison of the thermal response and the microwelds at the two substrate temperatures revealed that in order to correlate the sensor response to shear test data, the response must be obtained at the intended temperature of operation since the microwelds at two temperatures may be quite different, even though thermal responses may look similar.; Wire-bonding process monitoring using thermopile temperature sensor"
000233392100021	X	"Physically cross-linked protein-based materials possess a number of advantages over their chemically crosslinked counterparts, including ease of processing and the ability to avoid the addition or removal of chemical reagents or unreacted intermediates. The investigations reported herein sought to examine the nature of physical cross-links within two-phase elastin-mimetic protein triblock copolymer networks through an analysis of macroscopic viscoelastic properties. Given the capacity of solution processing conditions, including solvent type and temperature to modulate the microstructure of two-phase protein polymer networks, viscoelastic properties were examined under conditions in which interphase block mixing had been either accentuated or diminished during network formation. Protein networks exhibited strikingly different properties in terms of elastic modulus, hysteresis, residual deformability, and viscosity in response to interdomain mixing. Thus, two-phase protein polymer networks exhibit tunable responses that extend the range of application of these materials to a variety of tissue engineering applications.; Alterations in physical cross-linking modulate mechanical properties of two-phase protein polymer networks"
000233494300014	X	"Expressing stem-loop RNAs in plants, fungi, and animals efficiently silences homologous target gene expression. We devised a novel PCR strategy, called inverted repeat PCR (IR-PCR), which allows rapid assembly and cloning of stem-loop-containing constructs in any vector. IR-PCR relies on differentially tagging antisense and sense copies of the target in one round of PCR and assembling them in a second. We used IR-PCR to assemble constructs targeting profilin, actin, and actin-related protein (ARP) transcripts from Arabidopsis. Immunoblotting of lines expressing a profilin PRF1 3' untranslated region (UTR)-specific construct demonstrated a 77 to 97% reduction in PRF1 protein, but not other profilin isovariants.; Inverted repeat PCR for the rapid assembly of constructs to induce RNA interference"
000233517700007	X	"A murine segmental femoral bone graft model was used to show the essential role of donor periosteal progenitor cells in bone graft healing. Transplantation of live bone graft harvested from Rosa 26A mice showed that similar to 70% of osteogenesis on the graft was attributed to the expansion and differentiation of donor periosteal progenitor cells. Furthermore, engraftment of BMP-2-producing bone marrow stromal cells on nonvital allografts showed marked increases in cortical graft incorporation and neovascularization, suggesting that gene-enhanced, tissue engineered functional periosteum may improve allograft incorporation and repair. Introduction: The loss of cellular activity in a structural bone allograft markedly reduces its healing potential compared with a live autograft. To further understand the cellular mechanisms for structural bone graft healing and repair and to devise a therapeutic strategy aimed at enhancing the performance of allograft, we established a segmental femoral structural bone graft model in mice that permits qualitative and quantitative analyses of graft healing and neovascularization. Materials and Methods: Using this segmental femoral bone graft model, we transplanted live isografts harvested from Rosa 26A mice that constitutively express P-galactosidase into their wildtype control mice. In an attempt to emulate the osteogenic and angiogenic properties of periosteum, we applied a cell-based, adenovirus-mediated gene therapy approach to engraft BMP-2-producing bone marrow stromal cells onto devitalized allografts. Results: X-gal staining for donor cells allowed monitoring the progression of periosteal progenitor cell fate and showed that 70% of osteogenesis was attributed to cellular proliferation and differentiation of donor progenitor cells on the surface of the live bone graft. Quantitative mu CT analyses showed a 3-fold increase in new bone callus formation and a 6.8-fold increase in neovascularization for BMP-2/stromal cell-treated allograft compared with control acellular allografts. Histologic analyses showed the key features of autograft healing in the BMP-2/stromal cell-treated allografts, including the formation of a mineralized bone callus completely bridging the segmental defects, abundant neovascularization, and extensive resorption of bone graft. Conclusions: The marked improvement of healing in these cellularized allografts suggests a clinical strategy for engineering a functional periosteum to improve the osteogenic and angiogenic properties of processed allografts.; Periosteal progenitor cell fate in segmental cortical bone graft transplantations: Implications for functional tissue engineering"
000233547600004	X	"This paper addresses a multi-stage stochastic integer programming formulation of the uncapacitated lot-sizing problem under uncertainty. We show that the classical (l, S) inequalities for the deterministic lot-sizing polytope are also valid for the stochastic lot-sizing polytope. We then extend the (l, S) inequalities to a general class of valid inequalities, called the ( Q, S-Q) inequalities, and we establish necessary and sufficient conditions which guarantee that the ( Q, S-Q) inequalities are facet-defining. A separation heuristic for ( Q, S-Q) inequalities is developed and incorporated into a branch-and-cut algorithm. A computational study verifies the usefulness of the ( Q, S-Q) inequalities as cuts.; A Branch-and-Cut algorithm for the stochastic uncapacitated lot-sizing problem"
000233756200040	X	"The advances in power electronics packaging resulting from the integration of various high power devices into single programmable blocks are projected to significantly increase heat dissipation rates up to 2-3 W/mm(2) within the next decade. Conventional thermal management schemes such as air-cooled heat sinks are inadequate at these high power levels, requiring the use of forced liquid cooled heat sinks, or cold plates. A primary issue concerning the thermal-packaging designers today is the selection of a suitable cold plate and the optimum placement of components on it. This paper focuses on a methodology for selection of cold plates and the optimal placement of power modules on them. The basis of the methodology is the integration of computationally efficient reduced or ""compact"" thermal models within a genetic algorithm based multiobjective optimization framework. This methodology is used to optimize the placement of multiple power modules on a cold plate. It is also extended to perform a tradeoff analysis between multiple competing objectives for cold plate selection. Compact thermal models for power electronics and heat sinks are developed, validated, and integrated within the optimization framework. The effectiveness of the methodology as a rapid scouting tool to arrive at an optimum tradeoff solution set for further analysis by detailed numerical simulation is discussed. The methodology is general in the sense that it allows for incorporation of changes in optimization criteria or improvements in the heat transfer solver.; An integrated methodology for multiobjective optimal component placement and heat sink sizing"
000233942600001	X	"In this paper we derive estimates of the sample size required to solve a multistage stochastic programming problem with a given accuracy by the (conditional sampling) sample average approximation method. The presented analysis is self-contained and is based on a relatively elementary, one-dimensional, Cramer's Large Deviations Theorem. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; On complexity of multistage stochastic programs"
000234142400068	X	"Theoretical calculations reveal that the quality of an aluminum -back-surface field (BSF) in a silicon solar cell can be improved by either increasing the thickness of the deposited aluminum (Al), peak alloying temperature, or both. However, this study shows that there is a critical temperature for a given screen-printed Al thickness, above which the BSF quality begins to degrade because of nonuniformity triggered by the agglomeration of Al-Si melt in combination with the bandgap narrowing resulting from the high doping effect in the agglomerated regions. It is found that this critical temperature decreases with the increase in the thickness of the deposited Al layer and, therefore, limits the quality and thickness of the Al-BSF that can be achieved before degradation sets in. This nonuniformity of Al-BSF is observed in the form of scattered Al bumps with thick and thin BSF regions. A combination of experimental results and model calculations is used to provide improved understanding and guidelines for choosing the optimal combination of Al thickness and alloying temperature. (c) 2005 The Electrochemical Society. [DOI: 10.1149/ 1.2129106] All rights reserved.; Factors limiting the formation of uniform and thick aluminum-back-surface field and its potential"
000234204500066	X	"Mask Projection Microstereolithography (MP mu SLA) is an additive manufacturing process capable for fabricating true three-dimensional microparts and hence, holds promise as a potential 3D MEMS fabrication process. In this paper, a process planning method for curing accurate microparts is presented. A 4 MP mu SLA system was designed and assembled. The process of curing a single layer in resin using this system was modeled was the Layer cure model. The Layer cure model was validated by curing test layers and parts with simple geometries. This model is used to formulate a process planning method to cure dimensionally accurate layers. This method has been found to be accurate within 3% error. The process planning method has been extended to cure layers larger than the field of irradiance of the imaging module of the MP mu SLA system. The method has further been extended to cure layers with edges that conform to the part boundary. The errors occurring in the vertical dimension of a multi-layered micropart built by curing layers upon each other have been identified and a process planning method to avoid these errors has been proposed.; Process planning method for curing accurate microparts using Mask Projection Micro Stereolithography"
000234204800017	X	"We developed a novel micromachined ultrasonic electrospray ionization (ESI) microarray which eliminates many limitations of the conventional capillary ESI technology. The proof-of-concept test results are presented and discussed. This technology has potential for operation at low voltages with wide range of solvents, capable of minimizing the required sample size and improving sample utilization, and is inherently suitable for parallel, high throughput mass spectrometric analysis of proteins mixtures of biological significance with multiplexing in the array format. Further, the ultrasonic ESI microarray, can be made inexpensive to be disposable owing to its batch microfabrication using a simple process with only steps.; MEMS ultrasonic ejector array for electrospray mass spectrometry of biomolecules"
000234379100013	X	"A micro-grating interferometer has been fabricated to use in measuring the static and dynamic performance of MEMS devices. These measurements aid in qualifying the functionality of fabricated MEMS devices, as well as improving fabrication techniques. The metrology system uses a phase sensitive diffraction grating for interferometric axial resolution and a microfabricated lens for improved lateral response. In addition, active control is applied to the system to reduce the impact of mechanical vibrations and insure a high degree of measurement sensitivity. The results generated by a single microinterferometer show good correlation with both analytic models and measurements of the MEMS devices by other metrology tools. The microinterferometer enables measurement of steady state vibration of MEMS devices as well as the development of surface vibration profiles. A deformable grating interferometer has also been fabricated using microfabrication techniques and tested to show proper range of actuation under DC bias. This deformable diffraction grating further enhances the sensor's capabilities through array implementation.; Scanning optical microinterferometer for MEMS metrology"
000234483800002	X	In this article we discuss weak and strong duality properties of convex semi-infinite programming problems. We use a unified framework by writing the corresponding constraints in a form of cone inclusions. The consequent analysis is based on the conjugate duality approach of embedding the problem into a parametric family of problems parameterized by a finite-dimensional vector.; On duality theory of convex semi-infinite programming
000234561201042	X	"This paper reports on the design, fabrication and testing of a low-voltage, high-Q one-port tunable capacitor in single wafer low-resistivity silicon substrate for RF filtering applications. The tuning range of the parallel plate capacitor is measured to be 2:1 for a range of 2.5-5pF with a tuning voltage of only 2V. The electrical quality factor (Q) of a 1mmx1.5mm, 60 mu m thick capacitor with a gap of 1 mu m was measured to be 99 at 400MHz and 49 at 1GHz and the return loss was below 0.5dB. The sell-resonance frequency is above 10GHz.; A high-Q low-voltage HARPSS tunable capacitor"
000234561201045	X	"This paper investigates both theoretically and experimentally the dielectric charging effects of capacitive RF MEMS switches. Dielectric charging caused by charge injection under voltage stress was observed. The amphoteric nature of traps and its effect on the switch operation were confirmed under both positive and negative control voltages. Furthermore, it has been confirmed that the charging is a complicated process, which can be better described through the stretched exponential relaxation. This charging mechanism is the one that is responsible for the appearance of the negative pull out voltage and finally for the device failure.; On the dielectric polarization effects in capacitive RF-MEMS switches"
000234561201067	X	"A standard non-metallized liquid crystal polymer (LCP) 4 mil thick microwave substrate with depth-controlled laser-micromachined cavities was investigated as a system-level packaging layer for integrated packaging of monolithic microwave integrated circuits (MMICs) and radio frequency microelectromechanical systems (RF MEMS) switches. The RE characteristics of air/dielectric discontinuities at the cavity interfaces were first simulated and the results show that LCP's low dielectric constant enables cavity dimensions to be arbitrarily chosen without significantly affecting the RF performance. To test this packaging concept a 4 mil LCP sheet with twelve 1 mm x 2.4 mm x 2 mil deep cavities was fabricated. Air-bridge type RF MEMS switches were fabricated on a base LCP substrate and measured before and after introducing the laser-micromachined superstrate layer. The measurements show almost no difference in packaged and unpackaged form for frequencies up to 40 GHz. The concept of a system-level package on a flexible, low-cost, organic substrate has been demonstrated for the first: time. The same technique could be used for integrating MMICs all in a near-hermetic low-cost LCP module.; RF characteristics of thin film liquid crystal polymer (LCP) packages for RF MEMS and MMIC integration"
000234825000011	X	"In this paper, we discuss here-and-now type stochastic programs with equilibrium constraints. We give a general formulation of such problems and study their basic properties such as measurability and continuity of the corresponding integrand functions. We discuss also the consistency and rate of convergence of sample average approximations of such stochastic problems.; Stochastic programming with equilibrium constraints"
000234986900005	X	"For a wide variety of micromachined devices, designers need accurate analysis of fluid drag forces for complicated three-dimensional (3-D) problems. This paper describes FastStokes, a recently developed 3-D fluid analysis program. FastStokes rapidly computes drag forces on complicated structures by solving an integral formulation of the Stokes equation using a precorrected fast Fourier transform (PFFT)-accelerated boundary element method (BEM). The specializations of the PFFT algorithm to the Stokes flow problem are described, and computational results are presented. Timing results are used to demonstrate that FastStokes scales almost linearly with problem complexity, can easily analyze structures as complicated as an entire comb drive in under an hour, and can produce results that accurately match measured data.; Algorithms in FastStokes and its application to micromachined device simulation"
000234993700002	X	"Three-dimensional microfluidic networks using a flexible biodegradable polymer have been fabricated using modified microfabrication processes tailored specifically for poly(glycerol-co-sebacate). A model hepatocyte cell line (HepG(2)) is seeded and pet-fused in the microfluidic networks to demonstrate cell viability and function, which is maintained in long-term perfusion culture (see Figure; scale bar is 50 mu m). The seeded, fully degradable device can potentially be integrated into a patient's existing vasculature in order to restore organ function.; Three-dimensional microfluidic tissue-engineering scaffolds using a flexible biodegradable polymer"
000235113900009	X	"We consider a multiperiod mean-variance model where the model parameters change according to a stochastic market. The mean vector and covariance matrix of the random returns of risky assets all depend on the state of the market during any period where the market process is assumed to follow a Markov chain. Dynamic programming is used to solve an auxiliary problem which, in turn, gives the efficient frontier of the mean-variance formulation. An explicit expression is obtained for the efficient frontier and an illustrative example is given to demonstrate the application of the procedure.; Portfolio optimization in stochastic markets"
000235135400010	X	"Purpose. The aim of the study is to determine the effect of experimental parameters on microinfusion through hollow microneedles into skin to optimize drug delivery protocols and identify rate-limiting barriers to flow. Methods. Glass microneedles were inserted to a depth of 720-1080 mu m into human cadaver skin to microinfuse sulforhodamine solution at constant pressure. Flow rate was determined as a function of experimental parameters, such as microneedle insertion and retraction distance, infusion pressure, microneedle tip geometry, presence of hyaluronidase, and time. Results. Single microneedles inserted into skin without retraction were able to infuse sulforhodamine solution into the skin at flow rates of 15-96 mu l/h. Partial retraction of microneedles increased flow rate up to 11.6-fold. Infusion flow rate was also increased by greater insertion depth, larger infusion pressure, use of a beveled microneedle tip, and the presence of hyaluronidase such that flow rates ranging from 21 to 1130 mu l/h were achieved. These effects can be explained by removing or overcoming the large flow resistance imposed by dense dermal tissue, compressed during microneedle insertion, which blocks flow from the needle tip. Conclusions. By partially retracting microneedles after insertion and other methods to overcome flow resistance of dense dermal tissue, protocols can be designed for hollow microneedles to microinfuse fluid at therapeutically relevant rates.; Microinfusion using hollow microneedles"
000235284300018	X	"The most extensive data set yet generated correlating photoluminescence excitation (PLE) and photoluminescence (PL) spectra is presented for aged (equilibrated) porous silicon (PS) samples. The observed features, which are temperature independent over the range 10-300 K, show a detailed correlation with the results of photoacoustic spectroscopy (PAS) and with molecular electronic structure calculations. The observed energy level patterns are reproduced in the photoabsorption (PA) of PS films released after the etching of a silicon wafer. It is concluded that the energy level pattern found for the photoluminescing surface of PS results from a structure which is neither uniquely molecule- or bulk-like but represents a hybrid form for which the density of states associated with a polyatomic vibrationally excited surface-bound fluorophor dominates the nature of the observed features which are not those of a semiconductor. These fluorophor features are broadened and shifted to lower excitation energy as a result of the intimate presence of the silicon surface to which the fluorophor is bound. The dominance of the surface-bound fluorophor accounts for the temperature-independent PLE and PL features. The observed spectral features are thus suggested to be the result of a strong synergistic interaction in which the silicon surface influences the location of surface-bound fluorophor excited states whereas the nature of the vibrationally excited surface-bound fluorophor coupling to the silicon surface provides the mechanism for an enhanced vibronic structure dominated interaction and energy transfer. The observed PLE, PL, PAS, and PA measurements are found to be consistent with previous photovoltaic and photoconductivity measurements, correlating well with a surface-bound oxyhydride-like emitter. This study suggests the important role that the overtone structure of a molecule bound to a surface can play as one forms a hybrid system.; Optical analysis of the light emission from porous silicon: A hybrid polyatom surface-coupled fluorophor"
000235383200023	X	"Genetic and tissue engineering strategies are being pursued to address the clinical limitations of current bone grafting materials. Based on our previous work demonstrating that overexpression of the Runx2 osteoblastic transcription factor and in vitro construct maturation synergistically enhanced in vivo mineralization in an ectopic site (Byers et al., Tissue Eng 2004;10:1757-1766), we examined the effects of these two parameters on the repair of critical size bone defects. Primary rat bone marrow stromal cells transduced with Runx2 or control (no Runx2 insert) retroviral vector were seeded onto 3D fused deposition-modeled polycaprolactone scaffolds. Runx2-modified cells produced biologically-equivalent mineralized matrices at nearly 2-fold higher rates than control cells. Constructs cultured in vitro for 1 day (immature) or 21 days (mineralized) were subsequently implanted into critical size calvaria defects in syngeneic rats, and bone healing was analyzed by micro-CT and histomorphometry at 28 days. Runx2-modified and control constructs precultured for 1 day healed to a greater extent than defects receiving no implant. Cell-free scaffolds yielded equivalent levels of bone formation as constructs precultured for I day. Interestingly, defects treated with control cell-seeded constructs precultured for 21 days exhibited low bone formation compared to other construct treatments, and repair was comparable to empty defects. In contrast, Runx2-modified constructs precultured for 21 days contained twice as much bone as control constructs precultured for 21 days and equivalent levels of new bone as cell-free and 1 day precultured constructs. These results demonstrate interplay between Runx2 genetically-modified cells and in vitro construct maturation in bone healing responses. (C) 2005 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Effects of Runx2 genetic engineering and in vitro maturation of tissue-engineered constructs on the repair of critical size bone defects"
000235465300022	X	"Four DSP-based digital predictors (Prony's, covariance, forward-backward, matrix pencil), that are commonly used to enhance the time-domain modeling and design of highly complex RF MEMS structures, are evaluated in terms of computational efficiency and accuracy as a function of the model order, the decimating factor, and the size of sample train. For a benchmarking case of an RF MEMS tuner, it is found that while covariance method has the best performance in terms of accuracy matrix pencil method confers robustness to computational economies (less numerical effort) and saves more CPU time with a smaller model order that can be selected by easy and efficient criteria.; Comparative study of DSP techniques for the effective modeling and design of highly complex RF-MEMS structures"
000235535900014	X	"Reconfigurability in an antenna system is a desired characteristic that has been the focus of much research in recent years. In this work, ohmic contact cantilever RF-MEMS switches are integrated with self-similar planar antennas to provide a reconfigurable antenna system that radiates similar patterns over a wide range of frequencies. The different issues encountered during the integration of the MEMS switches and the overall system design procedure are described herein. The final model radiates at three widely separated frequencies with very similar radiation patterns. The proposed concept can be extended to reconfigurable linear antenna arrays or to more complex antenna structures with large improvements in antenna performance.; Designg fabrication, and measurements of an RF-MEMS-based self-similar reconfigurable antenna"
000235554500001	X	"MEMS are minimized electromechanical devices and systems that are realized using integrated micro fabrication methods. And the technology is growing rapidly in RF field, because of the advantages over p-i-n diode or FET switches. The main application areas of MEMS devices in the future are Information Technology, Bioelectromagnetic, Medical Science. For the accurate design of RF MEMS structures, effective computationally modeling of their transient and steady state behaviors including the accurate analysis of their time-dependent moving boundaries is essential. This is because an accurate knowledge of the electromagnetic field (EM) evolution around a moving or rotating body is very important for the realization of new optical devices or microwave devices, such as the RF-MEMS structures used in phase-shifters, couplers, filters, tuners or antennas. The technique proposed in this paper to model MEMS structures is based on the finite-difference time-domain (FDTD) method with an adaptive implementation of grid generation. Here, this simulation method is applied to the analysis of a two-dimensional MEMS variable capacitor with non-uniform motions, such as accelerated motions. The acceleration of the MEMS capacitor is derived under the equilibrium between the spring force and electrical force. Using this acceleration, the motion characteristic for each time step is derived. The numerical results that express the relationship between the acceleration of the plates and the spring constant and the mass of the plates are shown and the transient effect is accurately modeled.; Numerical modeling of reconfigurable RF MEMS-based structures involving the combination of electrical and mechanical force"
000235554500002	X	"Radio Frequency Microeletromechanical System (RF MEMS) switches are useful for providing low-loss switching elements in high frequency devices. Since these devices contain a mechanical and an electrical component to their operation, predicting their performance is not trivial. Computational analysis can be extremely complicated due to the large number of variables that need to be incorporated. Using a multi-physics simulation tool seems like the only solution, but most simulators are optimized for only one engineering realm (i.e. mechanics or electronics). Combining different engineering realms into one simulated model will usually compromise the accuracy of the results. Often simulators cannot model a multi-realm device at all. This paper offers a solution to this problem by proposing a technique for combining computational analysis with simulation to determine the pull-down voltage and RF characteristics of an RF MEMS switch. Measurement results agree closely with the simulated results using this technique.; Comparative study of analytical and simulated doubly-supported RF MEMS switches for mechanical and electrical performance"
000235573600003	X	"Traditional stochastic programming is risk neutral in the sense that it is concerned with the optimization of an expectation criterion. A common approach to addressing risk in decision making problems is to consider a weighted mean-risk objective, where some dispersion statistic is used as a measure of risk. We investigate the computational suitability of various mean-risk objective functions in addressing risk in stochastic programming models. We prove that the classical mean-variance criterion leads to computational intractability even in the simplest stochastic programs. On the other hand, a number of alternative mean-risk functions are shown to be computationally tractable using slight variants of existing stochastic programming decomposition algorithms. We propose decomposition-based parametric cutting plane algorithms to generate mean-risk efficient frontiers for two particular classes of mean-risk objectives.; Convexity and decomposition of mean-risk stochastic programs"
000235782600004	X	"The braconid wasp Microplitis demolitor carries Microplitis demolitor bracovirus (MdBV) and parasitizes the larval stage of several noctuid moths. A key function of MdBV in parasitism is suppression of the host's cellular immune response. Prior studies in the host Pseudoplusia indudens indicated that MdBV blocks encapsulation by preventing two types of hemocytes, plasmatocytes and granulocytes, from adhering to foreign targets. The other main immune response mediated by insect hemocytes is phagocytosis. The goal of this study was to determine which hemocyte types were phagocytic in P indudens and to assess whether MdBV infection affects this defense response. Using the bacterium Escherichia coli and inert polystyrene beads as targets, our results indicated that the professional phagoncyte in P indudens is granulocytes. The phagoncytic responses of granulocytes were very similar to those of High Five cells that prior studies have suggested are a granulocyte-like cell line. MdBV infection dose-dependently disrupted phagoncytosis in both cell types by inhibiting adhesion of targets to the cell surface. The MdBV glc 1.8 gene encodes a cell surface glycoprotein that had previously been implicated in disruption of adhesion and encapsulation responses by immune cells. Knockdown of gk1.8 expression by RNA interference (RNAi) during the current study rescued the ability of MdBV-infected High Five cells to phagoncytize targets. Collectively, these results indicate that gk1.8 is a key virulence determinant in disruption of both adhesion and phagoncytosis by insect immune cells.; Microplitis demolitor bracovirus inhibits phagocytosis by hemocytes from Pseudoplusia includens"
000235807600012	X	"We investigate the quality of solutions obtained from sample-average approximations to two-stage stochastic linear programs with recourse. We use a recently developed software tool executing on a computational grid to solve many large instances of these problems, allowing us to obtain high-quality solutions and to verify optimality and near-optimality of the computed solutions in various ways.; The empirical behavior of sampling methods for stochastic programming"
000235808200005	X	"We show that for even quasi-concave objective functions the worst-case distribution, with respect to a family of unimodal distributions, of a stochastic programming problem is a uniform distribution. This extends the so-called ""Uniformity Principle'' of Barmish and Lagoa (1997) where the objective function is the indicator function of a convex symmetric set.; Worst-case distribution analysis of stochastic programs"
000235855200002	X	"The potential of InN as a photovoltaic material is described. For solar applications, several key developments such as p-type doping and solid-state rectifying junctions have yet to be demonstrated. However, the ability of InGaN materials to optimally span the solar spectrum offers a tantalizing solution for high-efficiency photovoltaics albeit in an inherently lattice mismatched material system. For this reason. the characteristics of InN grown on (1 1 1)-oriented germanium and (0 0 0 1)-plane sapphire substrates via molecular beam epitaxy for the application of InN solar cells is described. To provide an efficient sub-cell interconnect for tandem solar cells, epitaxial Al was deposited on a germanium Substrate with InN grown on this epitaxial aluminum layer. Consistent with previous results, the electrical characteristics of n-InN/p-Ge, n-InN/n-Ge, and n-InN/Al/Ge were measured and showed no rectifying behavior. As evidenced by X-ray diffraction, minute amounts of unintentional oxygen incorporation during InN growth forms a secondary phase, tentatively assigned to an indium oxynitride, InONx, phase. Photoluminescence measurements of the InN/InONx show spectral peaks at similar to 0.7 and similar to 3.8eV consistent with the bulk excitonic bandgap of the two materials. Photoluminescence was also found at similar to 1.7eV and shown to be related to emission from the sapphire substrates. (c) 2006 Published by Elsevier B.V.; InN: A material with photovoltaic promise and challenges"
000235866900008	X	An RF MEMS capacitive membrane switch with interconnects and bonding surfaces for wafer-scale packaging is demonstrated for 50-90 GHz with un-bonded cap wafers.; Wafer-scale packaging of RF MEMS for 50-90 GHz
000236080200109	X	"This paper presents a novel method to prepare inorganic superhydrophobic silica coatings for microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) packaging using sol-gel processing with tetramethoxysilane and isobutyl-trimethoxysilane as precursors. Incorporation of isobutyl-trimethoxysilane into silica causes hydrophobic isobutyl groups to be present on the surface, thus generating surface hydrophobicity. The particle size and porosity and therefore the surface structure can be controlled by pH, solvent evaporation rate, and precursor ratio. Goniometer measurements of silica films on glass slides indicated that these films displayed a contact angle of 170 degrees. Atomic force microscopy (AFM) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) were used to characterize the surface morphology and structure and the results discussed with respect to the effect of surface roughness on superhydrophobicity. Electron dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS) and thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) were conducted to characterize the silica film composition. Improved UV stability was achieved compared to organic polymers such as fluorinated polybutadiene. FTIR was used to investigate the long term degradation of the superhydrophobic silica surfaces.; Coprecursor approach to the fabrication of superhydrophobic durable self-cleaning films"
000236081500030	X	"This paper presents for the first time a 4-bit microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) phase shifter fabricated on, integrated, and packaged into an organic flexible low-permittivity material. A microstrip switched-line phase shifter has been optimized at 14 GHz for small size and excellent performance. In addition, the MEMS phase shifter was packaged in an all-organic flexible low-permittivity liquid-crystal polymer (LCP) package. The improved geometry of the reduced size phase shifter is 2.8 times smaller than a traditional switched-line phase shifter and is much less lossy. For the 4-bit phase shifter, the worst case return loss is greater than 19.7 dB and the average insertion loss is less than 0.96 dB (0.24 dB/bit or 280 degrees/dB). The average phase error is only 3.96 degrees. It has been demonstrated that the addition of the LCP package has a negligible effect on the phase-shifter performance, but will enable the device to remain flexible and protected against various environmental conditions.; Organic ""wafer-scale"" packaged miniature 4-bit RF MEMS phase shifter"
000236124700057	X	"In this letter, a tunable RF micro electronic mechanical systems (MEMS) switch used for the development of reconfigurable antennas that is fabricated on sapphire substrate with a barium strontium titanate (BST) dielectric is presented. BST dielectric is deposited by a combustion chemical vapor deposition (CCVD) technology. BST has a very high dielectric constant (> 300) making it very appealing for high performance RF MEMS capacitive switches. The tunable dielectric constant of BST provides a possibility of making linearly tunable MEMS capacitor switches. Here for the first time a capacitive tunable RF MEMS switch with a BST dielectric and its characterization and properties up to 40 GHz are presented.; A high performance tunable RF MEMS switch using barium strontium titanate (BST) dielectrics for reconfigurable antennas and phased arrays"
000236401300005	X	"A novel parallel-plate bioreactor has been designed to apply a consistent level of fluid flow-induced shear stress to tissue-engineered articular cartilage in order to improve the matrix composition and mechanical properties and more nearly approximate to that of native tissue. Primary bovine articular chondrocytes were seeded into the bioreactor at high densities (1.7 x 10(6) cell/cm(2)) without a scaffold and cultured for two weeks under static, no-flow conditions. A mean fluid flow-induced shear stress of 1 dyne/cm(2) was then applied continuously for 3 days. The application of flow produced constructs with significantly ( p < 0.05) higher amounts of total collagen ( via hydroxyproline) and specifically type II collagen ( via ELISA) (25.3 +/- 2.5% and 22.1 +/- 4.7% of native tissue, respectively) compared to static controls (22.4 +/- 1.7% and 9.5 +/- 2.3%, respectively). Concurrently, the tensile Young's modulus and ultimate strength were significantly increased in flow samples (2.28 +/- 0.19 MPa and 0.81 +/- 0.07 MPa, respectively) compared to static controls ( 1.55 +/- 0.10 MPa and 0.62 +/- 0.05 MPa, respectively). This study suggests that flow-induced shear stresses and/or enhanced mass transport associated with the hydrodynamic environment of our novel bioreactor may be an effective functional tissue-engineering strategy for improving matrix composition and mechanical properties in vitro.; Fluid flow increases type II collagen deposition and tensile mechanical properties in bioreactor-grown tissue-engineered cartilage"
000236463500134	X	"Novel advances in fluidic MEMS sensor/sensor electronics design utilizing silicon nanopores have opened the possibility of accurate and ""portable"" field diagnosis of DNA molecules. Currently, a DC stimulus is used to ""push (translocate)"" each molecule through a silicon nanopore and the translocation time of the molecule through the nanopore is used to estimate its length. In this paper, it is shown that polymer transport models, combined with knowledge of the electrical forces exerted on each molecule by application of a (calibrated) stimulus to the sensor electrodes, allows much more fine-grained diagnosis of DNA molecules than it is currently possible. Hence, by proper stimulus design, the efficiency of the DNA sensing using silicon sensors can be improved significantly without incurring any additional hardware overhead.; Efficient DNA sensing with fabricated silicon nanopores: Diagnosis methodology and algorithms"
000236500400003	X	"Optimization of machining processes plays a key role in meeting the demands for high precision and productivity. The primary challenge for machining process optimization often stems from the fact that the procedure is typically highly constrained and highly non-linear, involving mixed-integer-discrete-continuous design variables. Additionally, machining process models are likely discontinuous, non-explicit, or not analytically differentiable with the design variables. Traditional non-linear optimization techniques are mostly gradient-based, posing many limitations upon application to today's complex machining models. Genetic Algorithms (GAs) has distinguished itself as a method with the potential for solving highly non-linear, ill-behaved complex machining optimization problems. Unlike traditional optimization techniques, GAs start with a population of different designs and use direct search methods stochastically and deterministically toward optimal and feasible direction. However, GAs still has its own drawbacks when it is applied to machining process optimization, including the lack of efficiency due to its binary representation scheme for continuous design variables, a lack of local fine-tuning capabilities, a lack of a self-adaptation mechanism, and a lack of an effective constraint handling method. A novel and systematic evolutionary algorithm based on GAs is presented in this paper in the areas of problem representation; selection scheme; genetic operators for integer, discrete, and continuous variables; constraint handling method; and population initialization to overcome the underlying drawbacks. The proposed scheme has been applied to two machining problems to demonstrate its superior performance.; Evolutionary optimization of machining processes"
000236566900006	X	"We have fabricated 4 cm(2) solar cells on String Ribbon Si wafers and edge-defined film-fed grown (EFG) Si wafers with using a combination of laboratory and industrial processes. The highest efficiency on String Ribbon Si wafer is 17.8% with an open circuit voltage (V-oc) of 620 mV, a short circuit current density (J(sc)) of 36.8 mA/cm(2) and a fill factor (FF) of 0.78. The maximum efficiency on EFG Si is 18.2% with a V-oc of 620 mV, a J(sc) of 37.5 mA/cm(2) and a FF of 0.78. These are the most efficient ribbon Si devices made to date, demonstrating the high quality of the processed Si ribbon and its potential for industrial cells. Co-firing of SiNx and Al by rapid thermal processing was used to boost the minority carrier lifetime of bulk Si from 3-5 mu s to 70-100 mu s. Photolithography-defined front contacts were used to achieve low shading losses and low contact resistance with a good blue response. The effects of firing temperature and time were Studied to understand the trade-off between hydrogen retention and Al-doped back surface field (Al-BSF) formation. Excellent bulk defect hydrogenation and high-quality thick Al-BSF formation was achieved in a very short time (similar to 1 s) at firing temperatures of 740-750 degrees C. It was found that the bulk lifetime decreases at annealing temperatures above 750 degrees C or annealing time above 1 s due to dissociation of hydrogenated defects. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Ribbon Si solar cells with efficiencies over 18% by hydrogenation of defects"
000236592200006	X	"Genetically-engineered cells offer a solution to the cell availability problem in tissue engineering a pancreatic substitute for the treatment of insulin-dependent diabetes. These cells can be non-beta cells, such as hepatocytes or myoblasts, retrieved as a biopsy from the same patient and genetically engineered to secrete recombinant insulin constitutively or under transcriptional regulation. However, the continuous or slowly responsive insulin secretion dynamics from these cells cannot provide physiologic glucose regulation in patients. Our objective consists of using such cells as an insulin source and of regulating insulin release by incorporating a glucose-responsive material, which acts as a control barrier for insulin in a cell-material hybrid device. Experiments were performed with insulinoma beta TC3 cells, HepG2 hepatomas, and C2C12 myoblasts, the latter two genetically-modified to constitutively secrete insulin. The control barrier consisted of concanavalin A (con A)-based glucose-responsive material, which forms a gel at low and a sol at high glucose concentrations. Results demonstrated that the device released insulin ata higher rate in response to glucose challenges. In contrast, a device containing an inert hydrogel instead of glucose-responsive material released insulin at an essentially constant rate, irrespective of the surrounding glucose concentration. Necessary material improvements include increased sensitivity to glucose, so that the material responds to physiologically relevant glucose concentrations, and increased stability. The prospects of developing a properly functional, implantable substitute based on engineered non-P cells and glucose-responsive material, and the material and device improvements that need to be made prior to in vivo experiments, are discussed. (c) 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Use of glucose-responsive material to regulate insulin release from constitutively secreting cells"
000236636400033	X	"Endogenous plant arsenate reductase (ACR) activity converts arsenate to arsenite in roots, immobilizing arsenic below ground. By blocking this activity, we hoped to construct plants that would mobilize more arsenate aboveground. We have identified a single gene in the Arabidopsis thaliana genome, ACR2, with moderate sequence homology to yeast arsenate reductase. Expression of ACR2 cDNA in Escherichia coli complemented the arsenate-resistant and arsenate-sensitive phenotypes of various bacterial ars operon mutants. RNA interference reduced ACR2 protein expression in Arabidopsis to as low as 2% of wild-type levels. The various knockdown plant lines were more sensitive to high concentrations of arsenate, but not arsenite, than wild type. The knockdown lines accumulated 10- to 16-fold more arsenic in shoots (350-500 ppm) and retained less arsenic in roots than wild type, when grown on arsenate medium with < 8 ppm arsenic. Reducing expression of ACR2 homologs in tree, shrub, and grass species should play a vital role in the phytoremediation of environmental arsenic contamination.; Hyperaccumulation of arsenic in the shoots of Arabidopsis silenced for arsenate reductase (ACR2)"
000236770200015	X	"This paper presents the design, fabrication, and characterization of laminated, magnetic induction machines intended for high-speed, high-temperature, high-power-density, silicon-based microengine power generation systems. Innovative fabrication techniques were used to embed electroplated materials (Cu, Ni(80)Fe(20), Co(65)Fe(18)Ni(17)) within bulk-micromachined and fusion-bonded silicon to form the machine structures. The induction machines were characterized in motoring mode using tethered rotors, and exhibited a maximum measured torque of 2.5 mu N-m.; Magnetic induction machines integrated into bulk-micromachined silicon"
000236873602095	X	"This paper presents the design and fabrication of fully-packaged RF modules that are suitable for integration in portable handset applications. The system blocks utilize high Q passive devices that are embedded in Liquid Crystalline Polymer (LCP) based substrates. Firstly, the paper introduces the packaging technology that utilizes multiple sheets of LCP substrate. Characterization of high Q inductors on the multi-layer process is then demonstrated showing scalability of inductor size and Q from 900 MHz to 10 GHz. Finally, the paper presents the results of the following key LCP based RF modules: voltage controlled oscillators, concurrent dual-band oscillators, mixers, filters, and baluns. A comparison with the current state-of-the-art is made. The paper shows that the implemented system modules are smaller in size, with superior electrical performance to currently available discrete solutions. The paper shows that the proposed technology supports high-density integration at low cost and hence, is suitable for large volume commercial wireless handheld applications. Finally, a MEMS process to be integrated on the proposed LCP technology for tunabitity of the modules is presented.; Design and fabrication of integrated RF modules in Liquid Crystalline Polymer (LCP) substrates"
000237101000011	X	"A method of compression-molding fine-powder blends of polycaprolactone (PCL) and poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) and subsequently dissolving the PEO phase was investigated to prepare porous PCL scaffolds. Different mixing ratios of the two polymers from 20 to 70% PCL were used to study the effect of the mixing ratio on the morphology formation of the scaffold. The mixing ratio was found to play an important role in affecting the porosity of the scaffold and the size of pores. Murine embryonic stem cell derived osteogenic cells were utilized to test the suitability of these scaffolds in tissue engineering applications. The seeded cells were able to colonize and grow in these scaffolds. Based on the overall consideration of morphology, mechanical performance, and ability for cell attachment and proliferation, the scaffolds with approximately 30-40% PCL appear to be an appropriate choice for tissue engineering. These findings suggest that sacrificial compression-molding of PCL-PEO powder blends can be used in the generation of biocompatible scaffolds with controllable porosity and pore size and may he used for in vitro tissue engineering applications. (c) 2005 Wiley Periodicals. Inc.; Fabrication of polycaprolactone scaffolds using a sacrificial compression-molding process"
000237125300001	X	"Peripheral nerve regeneration presents a significant clinical challenge and the Current state of the art using autografts to repair long peripheral nerve gaps is unsatisfactory. In this manuscript, the analytical framework that determines the fate of grafts (autografts or biomaterial-based grafts) is discussed. Also outlined are parameters and variables that might be manipulated to enhance the efficacy of scaffolds designed for peripheral nerve regeneration. The importance Of using appropriate animal models and outcome measures in evaluating biomaterials-based scaffolds or other engineered constructs suitability for bridging peripheral nerve gaps is highlighted. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Peripheral nerve regeneration: An opinion on channels, scaffolds and anisotropy"
000237312600011	X	"This paper reports on the design, implementation and characterization of wafer-level packaging technology for a wide range of microelectromechanical system (MEMS) devices. The encapsulation technique is based on thermal decomposition of a sacrificial polymer through a polymer overcoat to form a released thin-film organic membrane with scalable height on top of the active part of the MEMS. Hermiticity and vacuum operation are obtained by thin-film deposition of a metal such as chromium, aluminum or gold. The thickness of the overcoat can be optimized according to the size of the device and differential pressure to package a wide variety of MEMS such as resonators, accelerometers and gyroscopes. The key performance metrics of several batches of packaged devices do not degrade as a result of residues from the sacrificial polymer. A Q factor of 5000 at a resonant frequency of 2.5 MHz for the packaged resonator, and a static sensitivity of 2 pF g(-1) for the packaged accelerometer were obtained. Cavities as small as 0.000 15 mm(3) for the resonator and as large as 1 mm(3) for the accelerometer have been made by this method.; Wafer-level MEMS packaging via thermally released metal-organic membranes"
000237494400026	X	"Macroporous scaffolds are of great value in tissue engineering. We have developed a method to fabricate macroporous scaffolds from a biocompatible and biodegradable elastomer, poly(glycerol sebacate) (PGS). This method is potentially very useful for soft tissue engineering. Our fabrication method produced macroporous scaffolds with extensive micropores. We fabricated flat scaffolds and tubular scaffolds of uniform thickness. This fabrication method demonstrated good control of variables such as pore size, porosity, and pore interconnectivity. Sodium chloride (salt) crystals, which served as solid porogens, were packed into a mold and fused in a humid chamber. PGS was cured while dispersed throughout the fused salt template. Dissolution of the salt and subsequent lyophilization produced elastomer sponges with approximately 90% porosity, interconnected macropores (75-150 mu m), and extensive micropores (5-20 mu m). The macropores were generated by the salt particles, while the micropores were likely generated by glycerol vapor formed during PGS curing. Such numerous micropores could facilitate cell-cell interactions and mass transport. Fibroblasts adhered to and proliferated well within the PGS scaffolds and formed three-dimensional tissue-engineered constructs within 8 days.; Macroporous elastomeric scaffolds with extensive micropores for soft tissue engineering"
000237607600003	X	"Ex vivo gene therapy is a promising approach to orthopedic regenerative medicine. These strategies typically focus on the constitutive overexpression of osteogenic factors to induce osteoblastic differentiation and matrix mineralization. However, the unregulated production of osteoinductive molecules has also resulted in abnormal bone formation and tumorigenesis. To address these limitations, this work describes a retroviral system to deliver the Runx2 osteoblastic transcription factor under control of the tetracycline-inducible (tet-off) promoter in primary skeletal myoblasts. Runx2 expression was tightly regulated by anhydrotetracyline (aTc) concentration in cell culture media. Osteoblastic gene expression, alkaline phosphatase activity, and matrix mineralization were also controlled by aTc in a dose-dependent manner. Additionally, osteoblastic differentiation was temporally regulated by adding and removing aTc from the culture media. Engineered cells were seeded onto collagen scaffolds and implanted intramuscularly in the hind limbs of syngeneic mice. In vivo mineralization by these constructs was regulated by supplementing the drinking water with aTc, as demonstrated by microcomputed tomography and histological analyses. Collectively, these results present a novel system for regulating osteoblastic differentiation of a clinically relevant autologous cell source. This system is significant to developing controlled and effective orthopedic gene therapy strategies and studying the regulation of osteoblastic differentiation.; Inducible regulation of Runx2-stimulated osteogenesis"
000237765000025	X	"A novel high strength graphitic foam was produced through the incorporation of carbon nanofibers into a pitch based precursor. The nanofiber reinforced cellular foams were mechanically tested both from a localized and bulk perspective with results indicating enhanced foam performance with nanofiber addition. The magnitude of increased performance was a result of both the nanofiber itself as well as its heat treatment as an increase in each was found to cause an associated increase in foam performance. The increase in mechanical capability is attributed to the formation of a zigzag structure in the ligaments and nodes of the foam. This zigzag structure serves as an interlocking mechanism, preventing easy shearing of the graphene layers. The in situ fracture mechanics experiment shows brittle behavior of a single ligament indicating that only reinforced foam behaves like that of a carbon fiber. (C) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Novel high strength graphitic foams"
000237792300008	X	"Traumatic injury to the central nervous system (CNS) triggers cell death and deafferentation, which may activate a cascade of cellular and network disturbances. These events often result in the formation of irregularly shaped lesions comprised of necrotic tissue and/or a fluid-filled cavity. Tissue engineering represents a promising treatment strategy for the injured neural tissue. To facilitate minimally invasive delivery of a tissue engineered system, a thermoreversible polymer is an attractive scaffold candidate. We have developed a bioactive scaffold for neural tissue engineering by tethering laminin-1 (LN) to methylcellulose (MC), a thermoresponsive hydrogel. The base MC chain was oxidized via sodium m-periodate to increase MC tethering capacity. Protein immobilization was facilitated by a Schiff base reaction between primary amine groups on LN and carbonyl groups of the oxidized MC chain. Immunoassays demonstrated tethering of LN at 1.6 +/- 0.5 ng of LN per milligram of MC. Rheological measurements for different MC-LN constructs indicated MC composition- and MC treatment-dependent effects on solution-gelation transition temperature. Cellular assays with primary rat cortical neurons demonstrated enhanced cell adhesion and viability on LN-functionalized MC when compared with base and oxidized MC. This bioadhesive thermoresponsive scaffold may provide a robust delivery vehicle to injured CNS tissue for neural cell transplantation strategies. (c) 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Thermoreversible laminin-functionalized hydrogel for neural tissue engineering"
000237950200046	X	"A classical molecular-dynamics potential for analyzing mechanical deformation in the alpha-Fe2O3+fcc-Al material system is developed. The potential includes an embedded atom method cluster functional, a Morse-type pair function, and a second-order electrostatic interaction function. It is fitted to the lattice constants, elastic constants, and cohesive energies of fcc Al, bcc Fe, alpha-Fe2O3, alpha-Al2O3, and B2-FeAl, accounting for the fact that mixtures of Al and Fe2O3 are chemically reactive and deformation may cause the formation of these components as reaction products or intermediates. To obtain close approximations of the behavior of mixtures with any combination of the atomic elements, the potential is formulated and fitted such that the Al-Al, Fe-Fe, Al-Fe, O-O, Fe-O, and Al-O interactions are accounted for in an explicit and interdependent manner. In addition to being fitted to the lattice constants, elastic constants, and cohesive energies, the potential gives predictions of the surface and stacking fault energies for the crystalline components that compare well with the predictions of established potentials in the literature for the corresponding crystalline components. The potential is applied to analyze quasistatic tensile deformation in nanocrystalline Al, in nanocrystalline Fe2O3, and in nanocrystalline Al+Fe2O3 composites. Application of the potential to nanocrystalline Al reveals the features of mechanical deformation, such as the formation of unit dislocations, flow strength approaching ideal shear strength, and the Hall-Petch relationships, that are in close agreement with experiments and with the predictions of established potentials for Al in the literature. Analyses of deformation in nanocrystalline Fe2O3 and in nanocrystalline Al+Fe2O3 composites point to the possibility that the strength of the nanocomposites can only be calculated using the mixture theory if the average grain size is above a critical value. Below the critical grain size, an accurate account of interfacial stresses is important to the prediction of the strength. For composites with grain sizes above the critical value, the observed dependence of strength on volume fraction is in agreement with experimental observations.; Classical molecular-dynamics potential for the mechanical strength of nanocrystalline composite fcc Al+alpha-Fe2O3"
000237957400047	X	"Ultrathin epitaxial graphite was grown on single-crystal silicon carbide by vacuum graphitization. The material can be patterned using standard nanolithography methods. The transport properties, which are closely related to those of carbon nanotubes, are dominated by the single epitaxial graphene layer at the silicon carbide interface and reveal the Dirac nature of the charge carriers. Patterned structures show quantum confinement of electrons and phase coherence lengths beyond 1 micrometer at 4 kelvin, with mobilities exceeding 2.5 square meters per volt-second. All-graphene electronically coherent devices and device architectures are envisaged.; Electronic confinement and coherence in patterned epitaxial graphene"
000238125904782	X	Superhydrophobic durable silica thin films from sol-gel processing for the application in antistiction of MEMS devices
000238125909217	X	Copolymerization of functional lactide monomers for tissue engineering applications
000238125909478	X	Photodefinable thermally sacrificial polymers and processes for microelectronics and MEMS fabrication
000238143300157	X	"One and two bit microelectromechanical system (MEMS) microstrip phase shifters at 14 GHz have been realized on 100 mu m Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) substrate. This paper presents for the first time a MEMS phase shifter on a flexible, organic substrate. LCP is a well-suited substrate for low-cost, low-loss, and near-hermetic applications. Multibit phase shifters have applications in almost all microwave devices, but are most commonly used in phased antenna arrays, which can be realized on a rollable substrate using this technology. The one-bit phase shifters have an average return loss of 19.0 dB and an average insertion loss of 0.59 dB at 14 GHz. The phase shifts are within 1.38 degrees of the intended phase shift at this frequency. For the two-bit phase shifters, an average return loss of 22.5 dB and an average insertion loss of 0.98 dB were measured per bit. The average phase error for the two-bit phase shifter is only 1.26 degrees.; 14 GHz microstrip MEMS phase shifters on flexible, organic substrate"
000238269800015	X	"An active cooling substrate (ACS) is a microelectro mechanical system (MEMS) device which implements the synthetic jet concept into printed wiring board (PWB) to enhance thermal management. This paper presents a numerical approach to solve the synthetic jet fluid mechanics and heat transfer problem. Fluent, a computational fluid dynamics (CFD) package, is utilized to perform the three-dimensional (3-D), unsteady, and double precision simulations. The large eddy simulation (LES) is selected as the turbulence model. The simulation results are consistent with the experimental data. A numerical predictive model is developed for future designs of synthetic jet based active cooling substrates. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Large eddy simulation (LES) for synthetic jet thermal management"
000238311000009	X	"Technology feasibility of MEMS-type chip I/O interconnects (namely Sea-of-Leads or SoL) is demonstrated. Acting like a spring, a MEMS lead can provide high mechanical compliance to compensate for mismatch of coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) between a Si chip and a composite substrate. The compliant interconnects can provide low-stress connection between a chip and a PWB substrate, and, therefore, are promising to enable wafer-level packaging of IC chips with mechanically weak low-k interlayer dielectrics (ILD). The compliant interconnection also eliminates the need for an expensive underfilling process, which is one of the key challenges for scaling of conventional controlled collapse chip connection (C4) solder bumps in organic flip-chip packages. For the first time, SoL MEMS interconnects were investigated through the whole procedure of process integration, assembly, as well as reliability assessment. Without underfill, the SoL MEMS interconnects survived more than 500 thermal cycles indicating a promising improvement over a regular C4 solder joint. Failure analysis suggests that the MEMS leads do not fracture while failure occurs close to solder-Cu pad interface due to a nonreliable joining. Full reliability potential of the SoL MEMS interconnects may be demonstrated upon optimization of PWB metallurgy, soldermask design and lead compliance.; Sea-of-leads MEMS I/O interconnects for low-k IC packaging"
000238322800027	X	"Recent advances in thin film micromachining techniques have spurred a new generation of smart systems incorporating micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS). Extracting the mechanical properties of MEMS devices has always been a challenge in terms of test time and test cost due to difficulties associated with accurate characterization of thin films. This paper describes a novel technique for diagnosing the mechanical parameters of a cantilever-beam accelerometer using purely electrical test stimulus. The beam is stimulated with an optimized test stimulus, generated by a gradient-based search method The response measurements made on the MEMS device are mapped to the mechanical properties of the beam using a regression-based mapping technique. Using this method, the mechanical parameters associated with the beam can be estimated within an accuracy of 5% of their actual values. In addition, the test approach is amenable to a compact Built-In Test solution.; Alternate electrical tests for extracting mechanical parameters of MEMS accelerometer sensors"
000238490200017	X	"Many continuous process industries are required to operate multiproduct supply chains under significant uncertainty in market demands and prices, and mathematical programming formulations have been developed for the deterministic version of the problem. However, available extensions to the stochastic case cannot be readily used to obtain an optimal operating policy in practice because the uncertainty results in an explosion of the scenarios to be considered over an extended time horizon. In this article we represent the uncertainty through Markov chains and use an approach based on stochastic dynamic programming (DP), which can generate a dynamic operating policy that incorporates information about the uncertainty in the problem at each time step. DP is computationally infeasible because of the size of the state and action space for realistic problems. We propose a novel stochastic optimization algorithmic framework called ""DP in a heuristically restricted state space."" The confined state space is generated by simulating various potential scenarios under centralized dynamic inventory and production policy generated by combining static local inventory policy heuristics. The resulting DP policy responds to the time-varying demand for products by appropriately stitching together decisions made by the local static policies. This is a new formulation for effectively combining heuristic policies. (c) 2006 American Institute of Chemical Engineers.; Approximate dynamic programming: Application to process supply chain management"
000238566601004	X	"Due to the surface, smoothness of micromachined structures, strong adhesion forces between these fabricated structures and the substrate can be developed. The major adhesion mechanisms include capillary forces, hydrogen bonding, electrostatic forces and van der Waals forces. Once contact is made, the magnitude of these forces is in some cases sufficient to deform and pin these structures to the substrate, resulting in device failure. This type of failure is one of the dominant sources of yield loss in MEMS. The basic approaches to prevent stiction are increasing surface roughness and/or lowering solid surface energy by coating with low surface energy materials. Combination of micro- and nano-meter scale roughness can dramatically increase the surface roughness. However, in fabrication process, how to optimally design surface geometry with micro-/nano-meter roughness is still not clear. The objectives of this, paper are to experimentally study the wetting and hydrophobicity of water droplets on two-tier rough surfaces for comparison with theoretical analyses, and to optimize the surface geometrical design for fabricating stable superhydrophobic surfaces. Two model systems are fabricated: carbon nanotube arrays on silicon wafers and carbon nanotube arrays on carbon nanotube films, to compare wetting on micro-patterned silicon surfaces with wetting on nano-scale roughness surfaces. All surfaces are coated with 20 nm thick fluorocarbon films to obtain low surface energies and to improve the stability of the superhydrophobic surface, formed by plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD). The results show that the microstructural characteristics must be optimized to achieve stable superhydrophobicity on micro-scale rough surfaces. However, the presence of nano-scale roughness allows a much broader range of surface design criteria, decreases the contact angle hysteresis to less than 1 degrees and establishes stable and robust superhydrophobicity, although nano-scale roughness could not increase the apparent contact angle significantly if the micro-scale roughness dominates. The results of the research could guide the optimized designs of the surfaces for prevention of Microelectromechanical (MEMS) stiction.; Optimizing geometrical design of superhydrophobic surfaces for prevention of microelectromechanical system (MEMS) stiction"
000238580600002	X	"Tissue engineering: The hope, the hype, and the future"
000238711200006	X	"Two chromosome encoding methods are compared for finding solutions to the nondeterministic polynomial-time hard flexible bay facilities layout problem via genetic algorithm (GA). Both methods capitalize on the random key GA approach to produce chromosomes that are viable for any combination of allele values. In addition, the effect of four problem-specific mutation methods is assessed for one of the encoding methods. The novel mutation methods are shown to have a substantial effect on performance. Optimal GA parameter settings for the problem-specific mutation methods are found empirically.; Efficient chromosome encoding and problem-specific mutation methods for the flexible bay facility layout problem"
000238737300017	X	"We have demonstrated two-dimensional and three-dimensional transfer of B35 neuronal cells onto and within polymerized Matrigel (R) substrates, using matrix-assisted pulsed laser evaporation-direct write (MDW). The B35 cells were transferred from a quartz ribbon to depths of up to 75 mu m by systematically varying the fluence emitted from the ArF (lambda = 193 nm) laser source. MDW-transferred cells were examined using terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase biotin-dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL), 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI), and a-tubulin staining. Confocal microscopy has shown that the transferred B35 cells extended their axons outward in three dimensions within the polymerized Matrigel substrate. The B35 cells made axonal connections and formed a three-dimensional neural network within 72 h after MDW transfer. In addition, TUNEL staining demonstrated that only 3% of the B35 cells underwent apoptosis after being transferred using the MDW process. MDW and other emergent direct write processes may provide unique approaches for creating layered, heterogeneous, three-dimensional cell-seeded scaffolds for use in peripheral nerve repair. (c) 2005 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Three-dimensional direct writing of B35 neuronal cells"
000238743300016	X	"The vast size of real world stochastic programming instances requires sampling to make them practically solvable. In this paper we extend the understanding of how sampling affects the solution quality of multistage stochastic programming problems. We present a new heuristic for determining good feasible solutions for a multistage decision problem. For power and log-utility functions we address the question of how tree structures, number of stages, number of outcomes and number of assets affect the solution quality. We also present a new method for evaluating the quality of first stage decisions.; Solving multistage asset investment problems by the sample average approximation method"
000238998403252	X	"We present a novel approach for neuron model specification using a Genetic Algorithm (GA) to develop simple firing neuron models consisting of a single compartment with one inward and one outward current. The GA not only chooses the model parameters, but also chooses the formulation of the ionic currents (i.e. single-variable, two-variable, instantaneous, or leak). The fitness function of the GA compares the frequency output of the GA generated models to an I-F curve of a nominal Morris-Lecar (ML) model. Initially, several different classes of models compete among the population. Eventually, the GA converges to a population containing only ML-type firing models with an instantaneous inward and single-variable outward current. Simulations where ML-type models are restricted from the population are also investigated. This GA approach allows the exploration of a universe of feasible model classes that is less constrained by model formulation assumptions than traditional parameter estimation approaches. While we use a simple model, this technique is scalable to much larger and more complex formulations.; Genetic algorithm for optimization and specification of a neuron model"
000239045300008	X	"Sensing systems-on-chip (SSoCs), combining micromachined sensing structures and microelectronic building blocks on a single chip, are reviewed. while single-chip pressure and inertial sensing systems have been commercially available for more than a decade, the recent expansion of SSoC into new application areas, ranging from chemical and biochemical sensing to atomic force microscopy, demonstrates the full potential of this microsensor integration approach. Available fabrication processes for integrated sensing systems are summarized, categorizing them into pre-, intra-, and post-CMOS approaches depending on the way the micromachining module is merged with the integrated circuit (IC) technology. Examples of SSoCs are presented to highlight the different integration options, ranging from cointegration of micromachined sensors with purely analog signal chains to microsystems with cointegrated digital signal processors and digital interfaces.; Microsensor integration into systems-on-chip"
000239155700006	X	"The cell wall, a mesh of carbohydrates and proteins, shapes and protects the fungal cell. The enzyme responsible for the synthesis of one of the main components of the fungal wall, 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, is targeted by the antifungal caspofungin acetate (CFA). Clinical isolates of Candida albicans and Aspergillus fumigatus are much more sensitive to CFA than clinical isolates of Fusarium species. To better understand CFA resistance in Fusarium species, we cloned and sequenced FsFKS1, which encodes the Fusarium solani f. sp. pisi beta(1,3)-D-glucan synthase, used RNA interference to reduce its expression and complemented deletion of the essential fks gene of the CFA-sensitive fungus A. fumigatus with FsFKS1 Reduction of the FsFKS1 message in F. solani C sp. pisi reduced spore viability and caused lysis of spores and hyphae, consistent with cell wall defects. Compensating for the loss of A. fumgatus fks1 with FsFKS1 caused only a modest increase in the tolerance of A. fumigatus for CFA. Our results suggest that FsFKS1 is required for the proper construction of F. solani cell walls and that the resistance of F. solani to CFA is at best only partially due to resistance of the FsFKS1 enzyme to this antifungal agent.; FsFKS1, the 1,3-beta-glucan synthase from the caspofungin-resistant fungus Fusarium solani"
000239282300030	X	"Porous scaffold structures are used in tissue engineering to provide structural guidance for regenerating tissues. The use of carbon dioxide (CO(2)) to create such scaffolds has received some attention in the past but many researchers believe that although CO(2) processing of polymers can lead to porous scaffolds there is limited interconnectivity between the pores. In this study, highly porous (greater than 85%) and well interconnected scaffolds were obtained in which the size, distribution and number of pores could be controlled. This control was achieved by altering the rate of venting from polymer discs saturated with CO(2) under modest temperature and pressure. The polymer used is a blend of poly (ethyl methacrylate) and tetrahydrofurfuryl methacrylate (PEMA/THFMA). This polymer system has shown promise for potential applications in cartilage repair. (c) 2006 Springer Science + Business Media, Inc.; Porous methacrylate tissue engineering scaffolds: using carbon dioxide to control porosity and interconnectivity"
000239355300048	X	"The radial distribution feeder protection strategy is first presented in this paper without consideration for distributed generation (DG). Then, the addition of DG across the feeder (constrained in terms of power and/or energy capacity) is introduced in the model. If islanded operation of these DG sources is allowed on a feeder subjected to a disturbance, DG may reduce the number of interruptions and/or durations for customers residing within their protection zones, thus increasing the reliability of service. To that end, a procedure for finding optimal positions for DG and protection devices is presented for a feeder equipped with capacity-constrained distributed generators, using a custom-tailored genetic algorithm, and the improvement in reliability is demonstrated on a test feeder. Tuning of the genetic algorithm parameters and an adaptive algorithm that eliminates the need for parameter tuning are the subject of a separate paper by the same authors.; Recloser allocation for improved reliability of DG-enhanced distribution networks"
000239387100043	X	"Previous studies in Trypanosoma brucei have shown that intracellular pH homeostasis is affected by inhibitors of H+-ATPases, suggesting a major role for these pumps in this process (Vander-Heyden, N., Wong, J., and Docampo, R., ( 2000) Biochem. J. 346, 53-62). Here, we report the cloning and sequencing of three genes (TbHA1, TbHA2, and TbHA3) present in the genome of T. brucei that encode proteins with homology to fungal and plant P-type proton-pumping ATPases. Northern and Western blot analyses revealed that these genes are up-regulated in procyclic trypomastigotes. TbHA1, TbHA2, and TbHA3 complemented a Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain deficient in P-type H+-ATPase activity, providing genetic evidence for their function. Indirect immunofluorescence analysis showed that TbHA proteins are localized mainly in the plasma membrane of procyclic forms and in the plasma membrane and flagellum of bloodstream forms. T. brucei H+-ATPase genes were functionally characterized using double-stranded RNA interference methodology. The induction of double-stranded RNA ( RNA interference) caused growth inhibition, which was more accentuated in procyclic forms and when expression of all TbHA proteins was decreased. Knockdown of TbHA1 and TbHA3, but not of TbHA2, resulted in cells with a lower steady-state pH(i) and a slower rate of pHi recovery from acidification. No evidence was found of an intracellular P-type H+-ATPase activity. These results establish that T. brucei H+-ATPases are plasma membrane enzymes essential for parasite viability.; Molecular characterization of Trypanosoma brucei p-type H+-ATPases"
000239451200005	X	"Corrugated Parylene diaphragm based pressure transducers have been used in a wide range of MEMS devices. This paper presents a reusable silicon micromold based process to fabricate optically reflective, corrugated Parylene diaphragms for fiber-optic-linked pressure sensing in an ultralow pressure range (+/- 98 Pa). The silicon micromolding process is combined with a novel chip-level tube bonding method to mount the diaphragms to the end of a tube before releasing them from the mold. This fabrication approach vastly improves the manufacturability of these pressure sensors over the previously used photoresist mold-based process. It provides greater flexibility in design and is shown to produce Parylene diaphragms with an accurate corrugation profile. Such a biomedical ultralow pressure sensor can be attached to a catheter tip and used in confined space for intra-cavity pressure measurements. Fabrication and testing results related to six different corrugated diaphragm designs have been presented here. These diaphragms are characterized in the operating pressure range ( +/- 98 Pa) with a 5 Pa resolution using an optical profilometer and U-tube manometer setup. The sensor characterization results show that all three designs of 1.0 mm diameter diaphragms have good agreement with the predicted values that were obtained from finite element analysis. Deflections of up to 6 mu m were measured in these diaphragms. Larger displacements of up to 19 mu m were obtained in 1.5 mm diameter diaphragms. However, the characteristic curve obtained in these sensors differed significantly from the simulated results. Higher initial deflection due to stress release, localized buckling and lower stiffness of the SU-8 support ring are believed to be the reason behind such deviation from the design values.; Improved manufacturability and characterization of a corrugated Parylene diaphragm pressure transducer"
000239532900001	X	"This article extends previous efforts on genetic algorithms (GAs) applied to a nuclear power plant (NPP) auxiliary feedwater system (AFWS) surveillance tests policy optimization. We introduce the application of a niching genetic algorithm (NGA) to this problem and compare its performance to previous results. The NGA maintains a populational diversity during the search process, thus promoting a greater exploration of the search space. The optimization problem consists in maximizing the system's average availability for a given period of time, considering realistic features such as: (i) aging effects on standby components during the tests; (ii) revealing failures in the tests implies on corrective maintenance, increasing outage times; (iii) components have distinct test parameters (outage time, aging factors, etc.) and (iv) tests are not necessarily periodic. We find that the NGA performs better than the conventional GA and the island GA due to a greater exploration of the search space. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; A niching genetic algorithm applied to a nuclear power plant auxiliary feedwater system surveillance tests policy optimization"
000239641000021	X	"An analytical optimization and evaluation approach is presented for sizing a liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen, single-stage-to-orbit system. The approach uses a unique merging of historical data for weight relationships, Monte Carlo simulations for uncertainty analysis, technology factors, thermochemical analysis, and genetic algorithm solvers for concept optimization. The. method models and optimizes engine chamber pressure, area ratio, and oxidizer/fuel ratio to determine the best vehicle design based on seven separate cost/weight figures of merit Model results show that a 53% increase in design, development, test, and evaluation cost results in a 67% reduction in gross liftoff weight. The uncertainty range for the design, development, test, and evaluation costs is shown to be from -45 to +76% of the mean value for the 95th percentile uncertainty case. The oxidizer/fuel ratio has a significant impact on the overall weight of the vehicle and vehicle components due to the large percentage of the gross liftoff weight that is dedicated to propellants. Other results show the effects of propulsion parameters, technology factors, and cost factors on weight and cost under different overall design constraints.; Launch vehicle propulsion design with multiple selection criteria"
000239656100047	X	"Electrowetting is one approach to reducing the interfacial tension between a solid and a liquid. In this method, an electrical potential is applied across the solid/liquid interface which modifies the wetting properties of the liquid on the solid without changing the composition of the solid and liquid phases. Electrowetting of aligned carbon nanotube (CNT) films is investigated by the sessile drop method by dispensing deionized (DI) water or 0.03 M NaCl droplets (contacted by Au wire) onto aligned CNT films assembled on a copper substrate. The results demonstrate that electrowetting can greatly reduce the hydrophobicity of the aligned CNTs; the contact angle saturation for DI water and 0.03 M NaCl droplets occurs at 98 and 50 degrees, respectively. The combined effects of the geometrical roughness and the electrical potential on the contact angle are briefly discussed and modeled. Such a strategy may be invoked to controllably reduce the interfacial tension between carbon nanotubes (CNTs) and polymer precursors when infiltrating the monomers into the prealigned nanotube films.; Electrowetting of aligned carbon nanotube films"
000239657900014	X	This paper presents the development of a Bayesian Network (BN) classifier for a medical application. Patient age classification is based on statistical features extracted from electrocardiogram (ECG) signals. The computed ECG features are converted to a discrete form to lower the dimensionality of the signal and to allow for conditional probabilities to be calculated for the BN. Two methods of network discovery from data were developed and compared: a greedy hill-climb search and a search method based on evolutionary computing. The performance comparison of these two methods for network structure discovery shows a large increase in classification accuracy with the GA-evolved BN as measured by the area under the curve of the Receiver Operating Characteristic curve.; Genetic algorithm-evolved Bayesian Network classifier for medical applications
000239712600006	X	"For many micromachined sensors such as microphones and accelerometers, optical displacement sensing may have advantages over capacitive sensing offering potentially high-displacement sensitivity independent of sensor area and gap height. A particular diffraction-based optical displacement sensor design consisting of a sensing diaphragm suspended over a rigid grated electrode has demonstrated advantages in terms of sensitivity, integration and stability. When illuminated from the backside, this structure generates a zeroth and complementary higher order diffracted beams whose intensities are modulated by the diaphragm displacement with the sensitivity of a regular Michelson interferometer. In previous work, acoustic devices surface micromachined on quartz substrates using aluminum for the diaphragm and grating were presented and characterized. In this work, we present the fabrication and characterization of a surface- and bulk-silicon micromachined diffraction-based optical microphone structure fabricated with Sandia National Laboratories' SwIFT-Lite (TM) process, which uses silicon nitride and polysilicon structural materials that have been employed extensively in MEMS and form a more thermally matched material set robust against corrosion and fatigue. The process introduces a new design space to microscale optical displacement sensing, enabling large, soft structures with perforated back-plates ideal for microphone and inertial-sensor designs.; Surface and bulk-silicon-micromachined optical displacement sensor fabricated with the SwIFT-Lite (TM) process"
000239712600021	X	"A MEMS magnetic actuator microswitch has been fabricated which, in addition to the primary cantilever bending, exhibits a secondary wiping motion during overdrive. A self-wiping action is desirable in a microswitch because it can help clean the contacts and prevent contact fusing. The wiping action occurs as a result of lowering the total energy of the actuator system with increasing external magnetic field H-o. The actuator is batch fabricated using standard microelectronic processing, and the ferromagnetic permalloy is patterned lithographically into long narrow strips on the actuator to maximize the magnetic torque generated for a given actuator size. The total wiping distance for a 1000-mu m-long switch was 50 mu m with magnetic fields from 10 to 100 mT. A first-principles physical model has been derived for the equilibrium and dynamic behavior of the device, as well as discrete changes in position due to frictional effects.; Modeling and performance of a magnetic MEMS wiping actuator"
000239890000044	X	"This paper presents a low pressure hot embossing method for transferring patterns of vertically aligned carbon nanotubes into thermoplastic substrates. The procedure utilizes the synthesis of carbon nanotubes in discrete patterns on silicon substrates through the vapor liquid solid growth mechanism. The nanotube pattern and silicon stamp is placed on top of a polycarbonate film and locally heated above the glass transition temperature using microwave processing. The weight of the silicon substrate presses the nanotubes into the polycarbonate, resulting in the complete transfer of vertically aligned patterns. The technique is a rapid processing method, which could be used to integrate aligned nanomaterials with MEMS and flexible electronics that are fabricated on a wide range of thermoplastic polymer materials. (c) 2006 American Vacuum Society.; Microwave assisted patterning of vertically aligned carbon nanotubes onto polymer substrates"
000240126600002	X	"We propose a computational procedure for inferring the cost functions that, according to the Principle of Optimality, underlie experimentally observed motor strategies. In the current use of optimization-based mathematical models of neuro-musculoskeletal systems, the cost functions are not known a-priori, since they can not be directly observed or measured on the real bio-system. Consequently, cost functions need to be hypothesized for any given motor task of interest, based on insight into the physical processes that govern the problem. This work tries to overcome the need to hypothesize the cost functions, extracting this non-directly observable information from experimental data. Optimality criteria of observed motor tasks are here indirectly derived using: (a) a mathematical model of the bio-system; and (b) a parametric mathematical model of the possible cost functions, i.e. a search space constructed in such a way as to presumably contain the unknown function that was used by the bio-system in the given motor task of interest. The cost function that best matches the experimental data is identified within the search space by solving a nested optimization problem. This problem can be recast as a non-linear programming problem and therefore solved using standard techniques. The methodology is here formulated for both static and dynamic problems, and then tested on representative examples.; A numerical procedure for inferring from experimental data the optimization cost functions using a multibody model of the neuro-musculoskeletal system"
000240209800104	X	Protein precoating of elastomeric tissue-engineering scaffolds: Extracellular matrix formation and phenotypic changes of circulating endothelial progenitor cells
000240213800040	X	"This paper proposes a stochastic dynamic programming model for a short-term capacity planning model for air cargo space. Long-term cargo space is usually acquired by freight forwarders or shippers many months ahead on a contract basis, and usually the forecasted demand is unreliable. A re-planning of cargo space is needed when the date draws nearer to the flight departure time. Hence, for a given amount of long-term contract space, the decision for each stage is the quantity of additional space required for the next stage and the decision planning model evaluates the optimal cost policy based on the economic trade-off between the cost of backlogged shipment and the cost of acquiring additional cargo space. Under certain conditions, we show that the return function is convex with respect to the additional space acquired for a given state and the optimal expected cost for the remaining stages is an increasing convex function with respect to the state variables. These two properties can be carried backward recursively and therefore the optimal cost policy can be determined efficiently. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Short-term booking of air cargo space"
000240220900005	X	"Two stochastic optimization algorithms conceptually similar to Simulated Annealing are presented and applied to a core design optimization problem previously solved with Genetic Algorithms. The two algorithms are the novel Particle Collision Algorithm. (PCA), which is introduced in detail, and Dueck's Great Deluge Algorithm (GDA). The optimization problem consists in adjusting several reactor cell parameters, such as dimensions, enrichment and materials, in order to minimize the average peak factor in a three-enrichment-zone reactor, considering restrictions on the average thermal flux, criticality and sub-moderation. Results show that the PCA and the GDA perform very well compared to the canonical Genetic Algorithm and its variants, and also to Simulated Annealing, hence demonstrating their potential for other optimization applications. (C) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Two stochastic optimization algorithms applied to nuclear reactor core design"
000240245200007	X	"We introduce an axiomatic definition of a conditional convex risk mapping and we derive its properties. In particular, we prove a representation theorem for conditional risk mappings in terms of conditional expectations. We also develop dynamic programming relations for multistage optimization problems involving conditional risk mappings.; Conditional risk mappings"
000240255300013	X	"O-mannosyl-linked glycans constitute a third of all brain O-linked glycoproteins, and yet very little is understood about their functions. Several congenital muscular dystrophies with central nervous system defects are caused by genetic disruptions in glycosyltransferases responsible for the synthesis of O-mannosyl glycans. The glycosyltransferase GnT-Vb, also known as GnT-IX, is expressed abundantly in the brain and testis and is proposed to be the enzyme that branches O-mannosyl-linked glycans. In this study, we show in a human neuronal model that GnT-Vb expression enhances neurite outgrowth on laminin. GnT-Vb has been shown to perform both N-linked and O-mannosyl-linked glycosylation. To determine if the effect on neurite outgrowth was due to N-linked or O-mannosyl-linked glycosylation by GnT-Vb we suppressed the expression of glycosyltransferases important for the elongation of both N-linked and O-mannosyl-linked glycans using RNA interference. Our results suggest that GnT-Vb and PomGnT1, enzymes involved in the O-mannosyl glycosylation pathway, play an active role in modulating integrin and laminin-dependent adhesion and migration of human neuronal cells. (c) 2OO6 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.; Integrin-dependent neuroblastoma cell adhesion and migration on laminin is regulated by expression levels of two enzymes in the O-mannosyl-linked glycosylation pathway, PomGnT1 and GnT-Vb"
000240345800004	X	"We report that the functional assembly of engineered cardiac muscle can be enhanced by oxygen supply provided by mechanisms resembling those in normal vascularized tissues. To mimic the capillary network, cardiomyocytes and fibroblasts isolated from the neonatal rat hearts were cultured on a highly porous elastomer with a parallel array of channels that were perfused with culture medium. To mimic oxygen supply by hemoglobin, culture medium was supplemented with a perfluorocarbon (PFC) emulsion; constructs perfused with unsupplemented culture medium served as controls. In PFC-supplemented medium, the decrease in the partial pressure of oxygen in the aqueous phase was only 50% of that in control medium (28 mm Hg vs. 45 mmHg between the construct inlet and outlet at a flow rate of 0.1 mL/min). Consistently, constructs cultivated in the presence of PFC contained higher amounts of DNA and cardiac markers (troponin I, connexin-43) and had significantly better contractile properties as compared to control constructs. In both groups, electron microscopy revealed open channels and the presence of cells at the channel surfaces as well as within constructs. Improved properties of cardiac constructs could be correlated with the enhanced supply of oxygen to the cells, by a combined use of channeled scaffolds and PFC.; Biomirnetic approach to cardiac tissue engineering: Oxygen carriers and channeled scaffolds"
000240506400011	X	"Many cells in the body reside in a complex three-dimensional (3D) environment stimulated by mechanical force. In vitro bioreactor systems have greatly improved our understanding of the mechanisms behind cell mechanotransduction. Current systems to impose strain in vitro are limited either by the lack of uniform strain profile or inability to strain 3D engineered tissues. In this study, we present a system capable of generating cyclic equibiaxial strain to an engineered vascular wall model. Type I collagen hydrogels populated with rat aortic smooth muscle cells (RASMCs) were created either as a compacting disk or constrained hemisphere. Both models were adhered to silicone membranes precoated with collagen I, fibronectin, or Cell-Tak and assayed for adhesion characteristics. The best performing model was then exposed to 48 h of 10% strain at 1 Hz to simulate wall strain profiles found in vascular aneurysms, with static cultures serving as controls. The finite strain profile at the level of the membrane and the free surface of the construct was quantified using microbeads. The results indicate that the hemisphere model adhered with Cell-Tak had the most stable adhesion, followed by fibronectin and collagen I. Disk models did not adhere well under any coating condition. Uniform strain propagation was possible up to a maximum area strain of 20% with this system. RASMC responded to 10% equibiaxial strain by becoming less elongated, and immunohistochemistry suggested that stretched RASMC shifted to a more synthetic phenotype in comparison to static controls. These results suggest that equibiaxial strain may induce smooth muscle cell differentiation. We conclude that this system is effective in stimulating cells with cyclic equibiaxial strain in 3D cultures, and can be applied to a variety of biomaterial and tissue engineering applications. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Equibiaxial strain stimulates fibroblastic phenotype shift in smooth muscle cells in an engineered tissue model of the aortic wall"
000240545400035	X	"This letter summarizes research on the characterization of residual stresses and electron-hole lifetimes of polycrystalline silicon sheet for photovoltaic applications. Full-field polariscopy, scanning room temperature photoluminescence, and surface photovoltage are used to characterize the polycrystalline silicon sheet. An orientation dependent stress-optic coefficient has been developed and used to extract the in-plane residual stresses from analysis of transmitted near-infrared light. The characteristics of the spatial distribution and the quantitative correlation between the residual stresses and the electron-hole lifetime are presented. (c) 2006 American Institute of Physics.; Residual stresses in polycrystalline silicon sheet and their relation to electron-hole lifetime"
000240581900005	X	"Background and aim of the study: It has been shown previously that the exposure of porcine aortic valve leaflets (PAVL) to elevated pressure or steady shear stress increases extracellular matrix (ECM) synthesis. It was hypothesized that exposure of the aortic valves to pressure or shear stress would regulate valvular expression of proteases such as matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and cathepsins. Methods: Fresh PAVLs were exposed to cyclic pressure (170 mmHg at 1.167 Hz) or to a steady shear stress of 25 dyne/cm(2) for 48 h, with static culture serving as controls. Results: Shear stress significantly inhibited cathepsin activity and cathepsin L protein expression, but increased MMP-2/9 activity. A cyclic hypertensive pressure condition also slightly decreased MMP-2/9 and cathepsin L activities. Conclusion: For the. first time, valvular cathepsin and MMP activity were seen to be directly regulated by mechanical forces such as pressure and shear stress. The down-regulation of cathepsin L activity correlates with an up-regulation of ECM synthesis; MMP-2 and -9 activities increased with ECM synthesis under shear stress, showing that these proteinases may serve different roles in valvular remodeling. This observation may have implications for understanding valve biology, as well as for valve tissue engineering.; Cyclic pressure and shear stress regulate matrix metalloproteinases and cathepsin activity in porcine aortic valves"
000240653701047	X	"Speed governors are key elements in the dynamic performance of electric power systems. Therefore, accurate governor models are of great importance in simulating and investigating the power system transient phenomena. Model parameters of such devices are, however, usually unavailable or inaccurate, especially when old generators are involved. Most methods for speed governor parameter estimation are based on measurements of frequency and active power variations during transient operation. This paper proposes a genetic algorithm based optimization technique for parameter estimation, which makes use of such measurements. The proposed methodology uses a real-coded genetic algorithm. The paper estimates the parameters of all system generators simultaneously, instead of every machine independently, which is fully in line with the interest to treat the electric power system as a whole and study its comprehensive behaviour. Moreover, the methodology is not model-dependent and, therefore, it is readily applicable to a variety of model types and for many different test procedures. The proposed methodology is applied to the electric power system of Crete and the results demonstrate the feasibility and practicality of this approach.; A genetic algorithm solution to the governor-turbine dynamic model identification in multi-machine power systems"
000240668200039	X	"This paper reports on the solar cell efficiencies of 18.3% and 16.8% (both 4 cm, 2) achieved on String Ribbon Si material using photolithography-defined and screen-printed front grid contacts, respectively, reinforcing the potential of String Ribbon Si for high-performance industrial cells. Rapid co-firing of screen-printed Al on the rear and low-frequency plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposited single-layer SiNx antireffection coating on the front in a rapid thermal processing unit was combined to enhance the as-grown minority carrier lifetime of 2-3 Vs to 91 mu s in processed String Ribbon Si cells. The performance of the best screen- printed String Ribbon Si cell (16.8%) was comparable to the 17.0% efficient planar float-zone (FZ) Si cell, which was processed simultaneously in the same run. However, the average performance of String Ribbon Si cells was 0.9%-1.4% lower in absolute efficiency relative to the FZ Si cells. Detailed characterization and analysis revealed that this is due to the presence of distributed electrically active defects, which could not be fully passivated, in spite of very effective defect hydrogenation during the cell processing. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Fabrication and analysis of high-efficiency String Ribbon Si solar cells"
000240794000017	X	"Multi-stage decision problems under uncertainty are abundant in process industries. Markov decision process (MDP) is a general mathematical formulation of such problems. Whereas stochastic programming and dynamic programming are the standard methods to solve MDPs, their unwieldy computational requirements limit their usefulness in real applications. Approximate dynamic programming (ADP) combines simulation and function approximation to alleviate the 'curse-of-dimensionality' associated with the traditional dynamic programming approach. In this paper, we present the ADP as a viable way to solve MDPs for process control and scheduling problems. We bring forth some key issues for its successful application in these types of problems, including the choice of function approximator and the use of a penalty function to guard against over-extending the value function approximation in the value iteration. Application studies involving a number of well-known control and scheduling problems, including dual control, multiple controller scheduling, and resource constrained project scheduling problems, point to the promising potentials of ADP. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Approximate dynamic programming based approach to process control and scheduling"
000240794900008	X	"Development of tissue-engineered constructs for skeletal regeneration of large critical-sized defects requires the identification of a sustained mineralizing cell source and careful optimization of scaffold architecture and surface properties. We have recently reported that Runx2-genetically engineered primary dermal fibroblasts express a mineralizing phenotype in monolayer culture, highlighting their potential as an autologous osteoblastic cell source which can be easily obtained in large quantities. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the osteogenic potential of Runx2-expressing fibroblasts when cultured in vitro on three commercially available scaffolds with divergent properties: fused deposition-modeled polycaprolactone (PCL), gas-foamed polylactide-co-glycolide (PLGA), and fibrous collagen disks. We demonstrate that the mineralization capacity of Runx2-engineered fibroblasts is scaffold dependent, with collagen foams exhibiting ten-fold higher mineral volume compared to PCL and PLGA matrices. Constructs were differentially colonized by genetically modified fibroblasts, but scaffold-directed changes in DNA content did not correlate with trends in mineral deposition. Sustained expression of Runx2 upregulated osteoblastic gene expression relative to unmodified control cells, and the magnitude of this expression was modulated by scaffold properties. Histological analyses revealed that matrix mineralization co-localized with cellular distribution, which was confined to the periphery of fibrous collagen and PLGA sponges and around the circumference of PCL microfilaments. Finally, FTIR spectroscopy verified that mineral deposits within all Runx2-engineered scaffolds displayed the chemical signature characteristic of carbonate-containing, poorly crystalline hydroxyapatite. These results highlight the important effect of scaffold properties on the capacity of Runx2-expressing primary dermal fibroblasts to differentiate into a mineralizing osteoblastic phenotype for bone tissue engineering applications. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Mineralization capacity of Runx2/Cbfa1-genetically engineered fibroblasts is scaffold dependent"
000240888700413	X	"An all-magnetic micromachined resonant compass was designed, fabricated by a low-temperature CMOS-compatible microfabrication technique, and characterized. The microelectromechanical sensor consists of a silicon micromachined mechanically resonant disk structure bearing a small permanent magnet. The resonant structure is powered using an electromagnetic excitation coil, which requires very little operating voltage. The interaction between the external magnetic field surrounding the sensor (such as the Earth's field) and the permanent magnet generates a rotating torque on the disc, changing the stiffness of the beam and therefore the resonant frequency of the sensor. By monitoring changes of the resonant frequency while changing the orientation of the sensor with respect to the external magnetic field, the direction of the external magnetic field can be determined. The fabricated device can measure the direction of the magnetic field of the Earth with a resolution of 15 degrees, for a 100-mV resonator excitation voltage.; A magnetically excited and sensed MEMS-based resonant compass"
000240968100011	X	"Secreted parasitism proteins encoded by parasitism genes expressed in esophageal gland cells mediate infection and parasitism of plants by root-knot nematodes (RKN). Parasitism gene 16D10 encodes a conserved RKN secretory peptide that stimulates root growth and functions as a ligand for a putative plant transcription factor. We used in vitro and in vivo RNA interference approaches to silence this parasitism gene in RKN and validate that the parasitism gene has an essential function in RKN parasitism of plants. Ingestion of 16D10 dsRNA in vitro silenced the target parasitism gene in RKN and resulted in reduced nematode infectivity. In vivo expression of 1161310 dsRNA in Arabidopsis resulted in resistance effective against the four major RKN species. Because no known natural resistance gene has this wide effective range of RKN resistance, bioengineering crops expressing dsRNA that silence target RKN parasitism genes to disrupt the parasitic process represents a viable and flexible means of developing novel durable RKN-resistant crops and could provide crops with unprecedented broad resistance to RKN.; Engineering broad root-knot resistance in transgenic plants by RNAi silencing of a conserved and essential root-knot nematode parasitism gene"
000241056900096	X	"With expanding interest in graphene-based electronics, it is crucial that high quality graphene films be grown. Sublimation of Si from the 4H-SiC(0001) (Si-terminated) surface in ultrahigh vacuum is a demonstrated method to produce epitaxial graphene sheets on a semiconductor. In this letter the authors show that graphene grown from the SiC(000 (1) over bar) (C-terminated) surface are of higher quality than those previously grown on SiC(0001). Graphene grown on the C face can have structural domain sizes more than three times larger than those grown on the Si face while at the same time reducing SiC substrate disorder from sublimation by an order of magnitude. (c) 2006 American Institute of Physics.; Highly ordered graphene for two dimensional electronics"
000241089600040	X	"This paper reports the synthesis and detailed characterization of graphite thin films produced by thermal decomposition of the (0001) face of a 6H-SiC wafer, demonstrating the successful growth of single crystalline films down to approximately one graphene layer. The growth and characterization were carried out in ultrahigh vacuum (UHV) conditions. The growth process and sample quality were monitored by low-energy electron diffraction, and the thickness of the sample was determined by core level X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. High-resolution angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy shows constant energy map patterns, which are very sharp and fully momentum-resolved, but nonetheless not resolution limited. We discuss the implications of this observation in connection with scanning electron microscopy data, as well as with previous studies. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Synthesis and characterization of atomically thin graphite films on a silicon carbide substrate"
000241132500019	X	"Application of biomaterials in combination products in which the biomaterial is presented to the host with a biological component prompts the need for understanding the biomaterial-associated adjuvant effect in the immune response against antigens associated with such a product. We have previously demonstrated that a polymer commonly used in tissue engineering and vaccine delivery, poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA), exerts an adjuvant effect in vivo, which was supported by PLGA-induced dendritic cell (DC) maturation in vitro. In this study, the effects of agarose and PLGA on DC maturation were compared in vitro to establish differential biomaterial effects. Human monocyte-derived DCs were treated with agarose or PLGA microparticles or films, and their maturation effect was measured as expression of costimulatory and MHC class II molecules, allostimulatory capacity, and proinflammatory cytokine secretion. Direct comparison of DC maturation phenotype indicated that PLGA was a stronger stimulus of DC maturation than agarose, and this maturation was not affected by microparticle phagocytosis. However, agarose-treated DCs showed higher activation of nuclear factor kappa B (NF kappa B) 24 h after the initial stimulation of DCs. Taken together, these results demonstrate differential biomaterial effects on DC maturation, substantiating the maturation effect of PLGA, and provide screening methods for biomaterial adjuvant effect for applications in combination products. (c) 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Differential effects of agarose and poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) on dendritic cell maturation"
000241154300007	X	"A hybrid optimization scheme, comprising a genetic algorithm in series with a local least-squares fit operator, is used for the inversion of weak and strong motion downhole array data obtained by the Kik-Net Strong Motion Network during the M(w)7.0 Sanriku-Minami Earthquake. Inversion of low-amplitude waveforms is first employed for the estimation of low-strain dynamic soil properties at five stations. Successively, the frequency-dependent equivalent linear algorithm is used to predict the mainshock site response at these stations, by subjecting the best-fit elastic profiles to the downhole-recorded strong motion. Finally, inversion of the mainshock empirical site response is employed to extract the equivalent linear dynamic soil properties at the same locations. The inversion algorithm is shown to provide robust estimates of the linear and equivalent linear impedance profiles, while the attenuation structures are strongly affected by scattering effects in the near-surficial heterogeneous layers. The forward and inversely estimated equivalent linear shear wave velocity structures are found to be in very good agreement, illustrating that inversion of strong motion site response data may be used for the approximate assessment of nonlinear effects experienced by soil formations during strong motion events. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Inverse analysis of weak and strong motion downhole array data from the M(w)7.0 Sanriku-Minami earthquake"
000241251600006	X	"One of the key requirements to achieve solar conversion efficiencies greater than 50% is a photovoltaic device with a band gap of 2.4 eV or greater. InxGa1-xN is one of a few alloys that can meet this key requirement. InGaN with indium compositions varying from 0 to 40% is grown by both metal-organic, chemical-vapor deposition (MOCVD) and molecular beam epitaxy (MBE), and studied for suitability in photovoltaic applications. Structural characterization is done using X-ray diffraction, while optical properties are measured using photoluminescence and absorption-transmission measurements. These material properties are used to design various configurations of solar cells in PC1D. Solar cells are grown and fabricated using methods derived from the III-N LED and photodetector technologies. The fabricated solar cells have open-circuit voltages around 2.4 V and internal quantum efficiencies as high as 60%. Major loss mechanisms in these devices are identified and methods to further improve efficiencies are discussed.; Design, growth, fabrication and characterization of high-band gap InGaN/GaN solar cells"
000241251601023	X	"The Manufacturing Research Center at Georgia Tech is addressing both fundamental and practical issues related to the handling of polycrystalline silicon wafers used in the manufacture of photovoltaic (PV) cells and modules. As Bernoulli grippers are widely used in the PV industry for handling silicon wafers, this paper focuses on the study of such grippers. The objective of this work is to develop an understanding of the influence of gripper variables and silicon wafer characteristics on wafer deformation and stresses in order to prevent wafer breakage and thereby improve yield. A finite element model has been developed to predict handling stresses based on measured wafer deformation profiles.; Evaluation of handling stresses applied to EFG silicon wafer using a Bernoulli gripper"
000241251601042	X	"Two-dimensional numerical simulations were performed to derive design rules for low-cost, high-efficiency interdigitated back contact (IBC) solar cells on a low-cost substrate. The IBC solar cells were designed to be fabricated using either the conventional screen printing or photolithography metallization processes. Bulk lifetime, bulk resistivity, contact spacing (pitch), contact opening width, recombination in the gap between the p(+) BSF and n(+) emitter, and the ratio of emitter width to pitch have been used as key variables in the simulations. It is found that short circuit current density (Jw) is not only a strong function of the bulk lifetime but also the emitter coverage of the rear surface. Fill factor (FF) decreases as the emitter coverage increases because the majority carriers need to travel a longer distance through the substrate for longer emitter width. The simulated IBC results were compared with those for conventional screen printed solar cells. It was found that the IBC solar cell outperforms the screen printed (SP) solar cell when the bulk lifetime is above 50 mu s due to higher V-proportional to and J(sc), which suggests that higher performance can be realized on low-cost substrates with the IBC structure.; 2D-modeling and development of interdigitated back contact solar cells on low-cost substrates"
000241251601045	X	"Ribbon produced by the Edge-defined Film-fed Growth (EFG) technique now supplies about 4% of the polycrystalline silicon wafers used to manufacture solar cells for photovoltaic products. A critical gap exists in knowledge of thermal stress effects which lead to residual stress and dislocation generation in wafer material. This knowledge is needed to apply stress models to improve the electronic quality of wafers made from EFG crystalline silicon sheet, enable production of thinner wafers, and to raise productivity of EFG crystal growth furnaces by lifting limitations on growth rate. We present new data for EFG ribbon in this paper which identifies a key relationship between residual stress and dislocation density. In order to get this data, we measured and correlated point-by-point residual stress and dislocation density in the same wafer. The residual stress was obtained with a resolution of 150gm using an infrared photoelastic techniques[ 1,2,3] and dislocation densities were mapped at corresponding locations in the sample using etch pit demarcation and an automated PVSCAN approach. We will discuss how the new data can aid in modeling of stress in the crystal growth process and help in predicting and understanding the effects of thermal stress on wafer properties during crystal growth.; In-plane residual stress and its relationship to dislocation density in polycrystalline (EFG) silicon sheet"
000241251601235	X	"Solar cells are photovoltaic devices made tip of different layers of materials: substrates, semiconductors, dielectrics, metals, transparent conducting oxides (TCOs), anti-reflection coatings, encapsulants, etc. Each layer serves a particular role in the overall functioning of the device. In these structures, the semiconductor layers serve the purpose of converting solar photons to electron-hole pairs and establishing the electric field necessary to separate charge and generate external power. Different cell technologies are known primarily by which semiconductor(s) performs this task. As with most manufacturing processes, information technology is playing an ever-increasing role in the production of solar cells. Currently, NREL's polycrystalline thin film group uses a client-server architecture for collecting data from both measurement-test apparatus and prototype manufacturing equipment. Data from these machines is transferred to a central data warehouse where analytical and data mining techniques are used to study both existing and yet unknown correlations between solar cell fabrication and performance/stability metrics. In an effort to facilitate data exchange with future systems we are developing an information technology strategy based upon the CAMX (Computer Aided Manufacturing using XML) standards to facilitate the efficient transfer of data between data publishers and consumers. By making use of CAMX, we feel that it can greatly reduce the cost and effort of exchanging information and will allow us to focus more resources on our core mission.; Information technology strategies for the production of solar cells"
000241251601286	X	"The Georgia Institute of Technology's Aquatic's Center is equipped with a 342kW roof-mounted photovoltaic array. This array will reach its ten year anniversary in July of 2006. It is therefore an appropriate time to review its performance. This system is closely monitored and studied with the help of a data acquisition system. Data collected from this system is stored and analyzed. Meteorogical parameters such as plane of array insolation are analyzed and compared with predicted values. Additionally, system parameters such as AC energy production, system efficiency, and module temperature are also monitored. The relationship between certain parameters, such as inverter efficiency and inverter loading, are also examined. With the collected data, the reliability of the system may be analyzed using data from system downtimes. From the analysis, we conclude that the system is operating well and in line with expectations.; Decade performance of a roof-mounted photovoltaic array"
000241410600009	X	"Various three-dimensionally (3-D) complex MEMS structures are fabricated using multidirectional ultraviolet (UV) lithography, which includes reverse-side exposure through a UV-transparent substrate, inclined exposure with or without simultaneous substrate rotation, and the combination of these processes. A reverse-side-exposure scheme through UV-transparent substrates (e.g., glass, sapphire, or quartz) has been exploited for implementing high-aspect-ratio structures (greater than 20:1), repeatable self-alignment photoresist patterning with subsequent metallization on a BST/sapphire substrate, and unconventional patterning using substrate optics such as proximity patterning or integrated lens techniques. Inclined exposure has been applied to a SU-8 substrate with differing inclination angles and incidence directions. The refractive index of SU-8 is experimentally determined to be 1.68 by means of test structures fabricated using this approach. Implemented structures using the inclined exposure include vertical screen structures, inclined tubes, and conical shape structures. Dynamic mode operation, in which the substrate is continuously rotated and tilted during exposure is also discussed. Examples of achievable 3-D structures using dynamic mode operation are presented.; Multidirectional UV lithography for complex 3-D MEMS structures"
000241410600010	X	"Electrical isolation of bulk-micromachined single crystal silicon (SCS) microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) devices is demonstrated using through-wafer junction isolation. Through-wafer junctions of alternating n-type and p-type silicon (npn junctions) are fabricated using ""temperature gradient zone melting"" (TGZM) or thermomigration of aluminum in n-type silicon. The npn regions electrically isolate various regions of the SCS from one another by acting as series connected backbiased diodes. Thermomigration is a potentially high throughput process that is consistent with batch fabrication principles. Practical demonstration of this technique is shown by fabricating and testing a full wafer thickness (similar to 300 mu m) electrostatic actuator fabricated from a single silicon wafer, and driven at 360 Vpp at resonance of 1933 Hz. Breakdown voltages of single thermomigrated npn junctions in excess of 189 V with leakage currents less than 70 nA were measured. For multiple junctions in series, overall breakdown voltages greater than 1500 V were demonstrated. Compatibility of thermomigration with standard p-channel metal-oxide-semiconductor (PMOS) transistors is also demonstrated.; Thermomigration-based junction isolation of bulk silicon MEMS devices"
000241410600032	X	"This paper presents the modeling of permanent-magnet (PM) generators for use in microscale power generation systems. The generators are three-phase, axial-flux, synchronous machines, each consisting of a multipole, surface-wound stator and PM rotor. The machines are modeled by analytically solving two-dimensional (2-D) magneto-quasi-static Maxwell's equations as a function of radius. The 2-D field solutions are then integrated over the radial span of the machine to determine circuit parameters such as open-circuit voltage and inductance as well as hysteresis loss in the stator core and eddy current losses in the stator core and windings. The model provides a computationally fast method to determine power and efficiency of an axial-flux PM machine as a function of geometry, speed, and material properties. The open-circuit voltage predictions are also shown to agree well with 3-D finite-element analysis simulation results.; Microfabricated high-speed axial-flux multiwatt permanent-magnet generators- Part I: Modeling"
000241410600033	X	"This paper presents the design, fabrication, and characterization of permanent-magnet (PM) generators for use in microscale power generation systems. The generators are three-phase, axial-flux, synchronous machines, each consisting of an eight-pole surface-wound stator and PM rotor. The devices are fabricated using a combination of microfabrication and precision assembly. Characterization is achieved using a custom-built experimental test stand that incorporates an off-the-shelf gas-driven spindle to power the machines. At a rotational speed of 120000 rpm, one generator demonstrates 2.5 W of mechanical-to-electrical power conversion and, coupled to a transformer and rectifier, delivers 1.1 W of dc electrical power to a resistive load. This watt-scale electrical power generation demonstrates the viability of scaled PM machines for practical power generation applications.; Microfabricated high-speed axial-flux multiwatt permanent-magnet generators- Part II: Design, fabrication, and testing"
000241523400044	X	"Here we report the genome sequence of the honeybee Apis mellifera, a key model for social behaviour and essential to global ecology through pollination. Compared with other sequenced insect genomes, the A. mellifera genome has high A+T and CpG contents, lacks major transposon families, evolves more slowly, and is more similar to vertebrates for circadian rhythm, RNA interference and DNA methylation genes, among others. Furthermore, A. mellifera has fewer genes for innate immunity, detoxification enzymes, cuticle-forming proteins and gustatory receptors, more genes for odorant receptors, and novel genes for nectar and pollen utilization, consistent with its ecology and social organization. Compared to Drosophila, genes in early developmental pathways differ in Apis, whereas similarities exist for functions that differ markedly, such as sex determination, brain function and behaviour. Population genetics suggests a novel African origin for the species A. mellifera and insights into whether Africanized bees spread throughout the New World via hybridization or displacement.; Insights into social insects from the genome of the honeybee Apis mellifera"
000241583108003	X	"The President's Vision for Space Exploration presents a need to determine the best architecture and set of vehicle elements in order to achieve a sustained human lunar exploration program. The Lunar Architecture Stochastic Simulator and Optimizer (LASSO), a new simulation-based capability based on discrete-event simulation, was created to address this question by probabilistically simulating lunar transportation architecture based on cost, reliability, and throughput figures of merit. In this study, two competing lunar transportation architectures are examined for a variety of launch vehicle scenarios to determine the best approach for human lunar exploration. Additionally, the two architectures are also compared for varying available ground infrastructure and desired flight rates. It is concluded that an expendable architecture is favored, using man-rated versions of existing evolved expendable launch vehicles (EELVs) for crew launches and developing a heavy-lift launch vehicle for cargo launches.(1,2).; Probabilistic cost, risk, and throughput analysis of lunar transportation architectures"
000241805300013	X	"High-efficiency boron- and gallium-doped multicrystalline silicon (mc-Si) cells were fabricated and compared in this paper. The quality of three different boron-doped mc-Si ingots and one gallium-doped me-Si ingot was investigated and compared by means of lifetime measurements and solar cell efficiencies. Untextured screen printed 4-cm(2) cell efficiencies in excess of 16% were achieved in this paper when the lifetime after gettering and hydrogenation exceeded 100 mu s. This was true for most wafers from top, middle, and bottom regions of the boron-doped ingots. Lifetimes in excess of 300 mu s were achieved from the middle region of some boron- and gallium-doped mc-Si ingots. High efficiencies in excess of 16.7% were attained from the middle region of most ingots investigated in this paper regardless of gallium or boron dopant. Light-induced degradation in efficiency (2%-3% relative) was observed in some of the boron-doped me-Si wafers in which oxygen concentration was high (15 ppm). In contrast, gallium-doped solar cells were found to be very stable under illumination irrespective of their location in the ingot. Device characterization and modeling were performed to show that the combined effect of large variation in resistivity and lifetime along the gallium-doped mc-Si ingots results in variation in the cell efficiency from different regions of the gallium-doped ingots. Design rules were established to determine the optimum thickness of the solar cell for extracting maximum efficiency when the bulk lifetime and resistivity vary along the length of the ingot for a better utilization of the whole ingot.; A comparison of bulk lifetime, efficiency, and light-induced degradation in boron- and gallium-doped cast mc-Si solar cells."
000241856700026	X	"A superelasticity (shape memory) behavior has been discovered for the superlattice-structured ZnO nanohelices. By in situ manipulation using a nanoprobe, the nanohelix could elastically recover its shape after an extremely large axial stretching to a degree close to the theoretical limit, while suffering little residual plastic deformation. As a result, its spring constant can be increased continuously for up to 300-800%. A shape memory/recovery of the nanohelix was observed after subjecting to a buckling deformation. The superelastic deformation and fracture process of a nanohelix have been studied by transversely compressing under an AFM tip. A two-step mechanism is suggested for explaining the measured force-displacement curve. It is suggested that the small thickness and the superlattice structure of the nanohelix might be the keys for the observed superelasticity. The ZnO nanohelices may be a new category of shape-memory ceramic nanostructures, which could be of great interest for investigating nanoscale fracture process and application in MEMS and NEMS. The elastic recovery of the nanohelix after extremely large deformation makes it a potential structure for nanoscale elastic energy storage.; Superelasticity and nanofracture mechanics of ZnO nanohelices"
000241949400007	X	"In angiosperms the late pollen actins (LPAs) are strongly expressed in mature pollen and pollen tubes and at much lower levels in ovules. Four Arabidopsis lines with homozygous knockout mutations in the four individual LPA genes displayed normal flowers, pollen, and seed set. However, when all four LPAs were silenced simultaneously with a single RNA interference (RNAi) construct targeting the 3'UTR of each mRNA, obvious reproductive defects were observed. Western analysis of various Late Pollen actin RNA interference (LPRi) epialleles showed total LPA protein and RNA expression levels were knocked down from 0% to 95% compared to wild-type levels. Reciprocal crosses with the RNAi lines demonstrated that lowered LPA expression was associated with defects in both male and female fertility. Strong epialleles showed significant reductions in normal silique and seed production and were nearly sterile. Dissection of the siliques from moderate LPRi epialleles revealed many unfertilized ovules, increased numbers of aborted seeds, and decreased numbers of healthy seeds. Microscopic analysis of LPRi pollen indicated that the pollen shape and size were normal, but pollen germinated poorly. While multiple LPA genes may have some functional redundancy, the combined expression of multiple LPA genes appears essential to normal male and female reproductive development.; The late pollen actins are essential for normal male and female development in Arabidopsis"
000241978202007	X	"A new test method, Single-Strip Decohesion Test (SSDT), has been developed and used to measure the interfacial fracture toughness of nano-scale thin film on substrate. This fixtureless test employs a stress-engineered superlayer deposited on patterned titanium (Ti) film strips to supply the energy for the delamination from a thick silicon (Si) substrate. The amount of energy available for delamination propagation is varied by fabricating an etchable thin release layer of varying width between the film strips and the substrate. By designing a decreasing area of the release layer, it is possible to arrest the delan-fination at a given location, and the interfacial fracture toughness or critical energy release rate can be found at the location where the delamination ceases to propagate. Common IC fabrication techniques are used to prepare the sample and execute the test. thereby making the test compatible with current microelectronic or MEMS facilities and suitable for in process measurement of thin film adhesion strength. The methodology presented in this paper is generic in nature, and can be used to measure the process-dependent interfacial fracture toughness of various micro-scale and nano-scale thin film interfaces. Ti thin film with thickness ranging from 5nm to 100nm can be studied using this method.; Single-Strip Decohesion Test to characterize nano-scale thin film delamination"
000241978202011	X	"Raman spectroscopy was investigated as a method for the temperature and stress measurement in thermal MEMS devices. Calibrations of the Stokes Raman shift and the Stokes to anti-Stokes intensity ratio for doped samples were performed in order to calculate the temperature on simple polysilicon structures. Straight and serpentine micro-heaters of various sizes were fabricated from 2 micron doped polysilicon films on thick sacrificial oxide layers. Operating temperatures were measured at a range of input powers for devices attached to the oxide layer as well as released structures. Measurements show that all devices can exceed 400 degrees C with the released devices requiring much less power, as expected. Temperature measurements using the Stokes shift method were compared to the conventional intensity ratio method in order to deduce the effects of thermal stresses on the temperature measurements. Using this method, it was found that thermal stresses could be qualitatively determined simultaneously with temperature in silicon MEMS devices. The effects of stress, however, results in less than a 10% difference in temperature over all of the input powers tested in this study.; Thermometry of polycrystalline silicon structures using Raman spectrscopy"
000241978202023	X	"This paper presents characterization of heated atomic force microscope (AFM) cantilevers in air and helium, both at atmospheric pressure and in a partially evacuated environment. The cantilevers are made of doped single-crystal silicon using a standard silicon-on-insulator cantilever fabrication process. The electrical measurements show the link between the cantilever temperature-dependant electrical characteristics, electrical resistive heating, and thermal properties of the heated AFM cantilever and its surroundings. Laser Raman thermometry measures temperature along the cantilever with resolution near 1 mu m and 4 degrees C. By modulating the gaseous environment surrounding the cantilever, it is possible to estimate the microscale thermal coupling between the cantilever and its environment. This work seeks to improve the calibration and design of heated AFM cantilevers.; Characterization of heated atomic force microscope cantilevers in air and vacuum"
000242055500009	X	"Infectious bursal disease virus (IBDV) is an important poultry pathogen and is distributed world wide that can cause immune suppression and lesions of the bursa of Fabricius. The main component of the virus, VP2, is not only responsible for the bird's immune response, but is important for the molecular identification of this virus as well. The nucleic acid of the virus must be adequately preserved to be analyzed by reverse-transcriptase PCR (RT-PCR) and sequenced for the molecular characterization of the field strain. Phenol inactivation has been the standard for IBDV tissue collection and international shipment; however, there have been some reports of interference with molecular detection capabilities when using phenol. Phenol is also a hazardous chemical and must be handled and shipped carefully. The ability to use the Flinders Technology Associates filter paper (FTA (R) card) for inactivation of several avian pathogens has been proven previously, however no work has been published on its use in IBDV nucleic acid detection. Bursas from experimentally infected birds was imprinted on FTA (R) cards, and then placed in phenol. Samples were evaluated and compared based on molecular detection capabilities between the two inactivation methods. The nucleic acid of the virus was detected in 85% of the FTA (R) card inactivated samples compared to 71% in the phenol inactivated samples. Sequence analysis was performed on samples inactivated by both methods and no differences were found. When comparing the RNA stability at different temperatures, euthanized IBDV infected birds were held at two different temperatures before sampling. No differences were detected for FTA (R) sampling; however, for tissues in phenol the nucleic acid was only detectable up to 2 h post-mortem in the tissues held at 4 degrees C prior to sampling. These findings indicate that the FTA (R) card is an efficient and reliable alternative collection method for molecular detection and characterization of IBDV. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Evaluation of FTA (R) paper and phenol for storage, extraction and molecular characterization of infectious bursal disease virus"
000242102800007	X	"This paper investigates the development of an effective heuristic to solve the set covering problem (SCP) by applying the meta-heuristic Meta-RaPS (Meta-heuristic for Randomized Priority Search). In Meta-RaPS, a feasible solution is generated by introducing random factors into a construction method. Then the feasible solutions can be improved by an improvement heuristic. In addition to applying the basic Meta-RaPS, the heuristic developed herein integrates the elements of randomizing the selection of priority rules, penalizing the worst columns when the searching space is highly condensed, and defining the core problem to speedup the algorithm. This heuristic has been tested on 80 SCP instances from the OR-Library. The sizes of the problems are up to 1000 rows x 10,000 columns for non-unicost SCP, and 28,160 rows x 11.264 columns for the unicost SCP. This heuristic is only one of two known SCP heuristics to find all optimal/best known solutions for those non-unicost instances. In addition, this heuristic is the best for unicost problems among the heuristics in terms of solution quality. Furthermore, evolving from a simple greedy heuristic, it is simple and easy to code. This heuristic enriches the options of practitioners in the optimization area. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; An effective and simple heuristic for the set covering problem"
000242118800001	X	"Cartilage tissue engineering requires the use of bioreactors in order to enhance nutrient transport and to provide sufficient mechanical stimuli to promote extracellular matrix (ECM) synthesis by chondrocytes. The amount and quality of ECM components is a large determinant of the biochemical and mechanical properties of engineered cartilage constructs. Mechanical forces created by the hydrodynamic environment within the bioreactors are known to influence ECM synthesis. The present study characterizes the hydrodynamic environment within a novel wavy-walled bioreactor (WWB) used for the development of tissue-engineered cartilage. The geometry of this bioreactor provides a unique hydrodynamic environment for mammalian cell and tissue culture, and investigation of hydrodynamic effects on tissue growth and function. The flow field within the WWB was characterized using two-dimensional particle-image velocimetry (PIV). The flow in the WWB differed significantly from that in the traditional spinner flask both qualitatively and quantitatively, and was influenced by the positioning of constructs within the bioreactor. Measurements of velocity fields were used to estimate the mean-shear stress, Reynolds stress, and turbulent kinetic energy components in the vicinity of the constructs within the WWB. The mean-shear stress experienced by the tissue-engineered constructs in the WWB calculated using PIV measurements was in the range of 0-0.6 dynes/cm(2). Quantification of the shear stress experienced by cartilage constructs, in this case through PIV, is essential for the development of tissue-growth models relating hydrodynamic parameters to tissue properties. (c) 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Flow characterization of a wavy-walled bioreactor for cartilage tissue engineering"
000242310500008	X	"Injuries to tendons and ligaments are prevalent and result in a significant decrease in quality of patient life. Tissue-engineering strategies hold promise as alternatives to current treatments for these injuries, which often fail to fully restore proper joint biomechanics and produce significant donor site morbidity. Commonly, tissue engineering involves the use of a three-dimensional scaffold seeded with cells that can be directed to form tendon/ligament tissue. When determining the success of such approaches, the viability and proliferation of the cells in the construct, as well as extracellular matrix production and structure should be taken into account. Histology and histochemistry, microscopy, colorimetric assays, and real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) are techniques that are employed to assess these biological characteristics. This review provides an overview of each of these methods, including specific examples of how they have been used in evaluation of tissue-engineered tendon and ligament tissue. Basic physical principles underlying each method and advantages and disadvantages of the various techniques are summarized. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Techniques for biological characterization of tissue-engineered tendon and ligament"
000242310500010	X	"Gene therapy has emerged as a promising strategy for the repair and regeneration of damaged musculoskeletal tissues. Application of this paradigm to bone healing has shown enhanced efficacy in preclinical animal studies compared to conventional bone grafting approaches. This review discusses current and emerging virus-based genetic engineering strategies for the delivery of therapeutic molecules which promote skeletal regeneration. Viral gene delivery vectors are discussed in the context of bone repair in order to illustrate the challenges and applications of these methods with tissue-specific examples. Moreover the concepts discussed can be broadly applied to promote healing in a wide range of tissues. We also present important considerations involved in the application of these gene therapy techniques to a variety of osteogenic (e.g. bone marrow-derived cells) and non-osteogenic (e.g. fibroblasts and skeletal myoblasts) cell types. Criteria for the selection of regenerative molecules with soluble versus intracellular modes of action and emerging combinatorial approaches are also discussed. Overall, gene transfer technologies have the potential to overcome limitations associated with existing bone grafting approaches and may enable investigators to design therapies which more closely mimic the complex spatial and temporal cascade of proteins involved in endogenous bone development and repair. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Virus-based gene therapy strategies for bone regeneration"
000242484200060	X	"We propose a simulation-based method for calculating maximum likelihood estimators in latent variable models. The proposed method integrates a recently developed sampling strategy, the so-called Sample Average Approximation method, to efficiently compute high quality solutions of the estimation problem. Theoretical and algorithmic properties of the method are discussed. A computational study, involving two numerical examples, is presented to highlight a significant improvement of the proposed approach over existing methods. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Simulation-based approach to estimation of latent variable models"
000242515300019	X	"The aim of this study is to understand the effect of the glass frit chemistry used in thick-film Ag pastes on the electrical performance of the silicon solar cell. The study focuses on the physical behavior of the glass frit during heat treatment as well as the resulting Ag-Si contact interface structure. We observe that the glass frit transition temperature (T-g) and softening characteristics play a critical role in the contact interface structure. The glass transition temperature also significantly influences the contact ohmicity of the thick-film metal grid. A high glass frit transition temperature generally results in thinner glass regions between the Ag bulk of the grid and the Si emitter. It was found that a glass frit (with high T-g) that crystallizes fast during the firing cycle after etching the silicon nitride and Si emitter results in smaller Ag crystallite precipitation at the contact interface. This results in smaller junction leakage current density (J(o2)) and higher open-circuit voltage (V-oc). Using high T-g pastes (with the appropriate Ag powder size), greater than 0.78 fill factors and >17.4% efficiency were achieved on 4 cm(2) untextured single crystal Si solar cells with 100 Omega/sq emitters.; Effect of glass frit chemistry on the physical and electrical properties of thick-film Ag contacts for silicon solar cells"
000242543500036	X	"In this paper, design, implementation and characterization of a 3-V switched-capacitor (SC) Delta Sigma CMOS interface circuit for the closed-loop operation of a lateral capacitive microgravity silicon-on-insulator (SOI) accelerometer is presented. The interface circuit is based on a front-end programmable reference-capacitorless SC charge amplifier and a back-end second-order SC Delta Sigma modulator. The accelerometer is fabricated through a dry-release high aspect-ratio reduced-gap process. By incorporating the low-Q transfer function of the microaccelerometer in a feedback loop, the system's dynamic range is improved by 20 dB, leading to a measured resolution of 4 mu g/root Hz and an output dynamic range of 95 dB at 20 Hz. The bias instability is 2 to 8 mu g for 12 hours. The chip is fabricated in the 0.5-mu m standard CMOS process with an area of 2.25 mm(2). The integrated circuit (IC) consumes 4.5 mW of power.; A 4.5-mW closed-loop Delta Sigma micro-gravity CMOS SOI accelerometer"
000242678200002	X	"Understanding of biomaterial adjuvant effect and its mechanisms is essential for the effective design and selection of appropriate materials for specific applications. We have previously shown that poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA), one of the most commonly studied polymers in tissue engineering, supports an adjuvant effect as measured by enhanced immune response against a co-delivered model antigen, which was dependent on the form of the biomaterial. Furthermore, we have shown that PLGA induces the maturation of human peripheral blood mononuclear cell-derived dendritic cells (DCs) in vitro. In this study, the effect of PLGA contact on the maturation of murine bone marrow-derived DCs was investigated in part to explain the biomaterial adjuvant effect observed. Treatment of bone marrow-derived DCs from C57BL6 mice with PLGA microparticles or films lead to maturation of these cells as exemplified by increased expression of co-stimulatory molecules CD80 and CD86 and production of proinflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha and IL-6. These results suggest that PLGA contact induces maturation of murine DCs, supporting our observations with human DCs. With the techniques developed in this study and given the results, our future goal is to utilize transgenic murine models to delineate the mechanisms of biomaterial-induced DC maturation. (c) 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Effect of poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) contact on maturation of murine bone marrow-derived dendritic cells"
000242709200134	X	"Efficient organic photovoltaic modules and cells have been fabricated based on a blend of poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT) and a soluble C-70 derivative, [6,6]-phenyl C-71 butyric acid methyl ester (PCBM-70). Power conversion efficiency of P3HT/PCBM-70 cells is estimated at 4.1% for the AM1.5 G condition from the spectra of external quantum efficiency. Integrated photovoltaic modules, in which N- individual P3HT/PCBM-70 cells (N=1-4) are connected in series, exhibit a short-circuit current I-SC of 1.4 +/- 0.1 mA and an open-circuit voltage V-OC of Nx0.621 V with a maximum V-OC of 2.48 V for N=4 under simulated solar illumination (AM1.5 G, 85 mW/cm(2)). (c) 2006 American Institute of Physics.; Integrated organic photovoltaic modules with a scalable voltage output"
000242730600044	X	"We derive a uniform (strong) Law of Large Numbers (LLN) for random set-valued mappings. The result can be viewed as an extension of both, a uniform LLN for random functions and LLN for random sets. We apply the established results to a consistency analysis of stationary points of sample average approximations of nonsmooth stochastic programs. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.; Uniform laws of large numbers for set-valued mappings and subdifferentials of random functions"
000242825400044	X	"We present a study of photoinduced interfacial electron transfer ( ET) dynamics of SnO2 nanocrystalline thin films sensitized by polythiophene derivatives (regioregular poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT) and regiorandom poly(3-undecyl- 2,2'-bithiophene) (P3UBT)). ET dynamics were measured by following the dynamics of injected electrons in SnO2 and polarons in the conjugated polymer using ultrafast mid-IR transient absorption spectroscopy. The rate of electron transfer from P3HT and P3UBT to SnO2 films was determined to occur on sub-picosecond time scale (120 +/- 20 fs). In P3HT/SnO2 composite, interchain charge transfer was found to compete with and reduce the quantum efficiency of interfacial electron transfer at high polymer loading. This interchain charge separation processes can be reduced in non-regioregular polymer or at low polymer loading levels.; Ultrafast photoinduced charge separation dynamics in polythiophene/SnO2 nanocomposites"
000242825800022	X	"Planar or two-dimensional ( 2D) microelectrode arrays ( MEAs), which are used for in vitro culturing of neurons and tissue slices, have been in existence for over 30 years. However, in order to study complex network morphologies and tissue slices which contain substantial 3D neuronal structures, 3D MEAs with microfluidic ports are required. Integrated fabrication of 3D MEAs with embedded microfluidic ports for nutrient perfusion through these relatively thick tissues typically requires non-planar lithography, which is not easily accomplished. This paper reports a laser-scribing technique coupled with electroplating to fabricate 3D MEAs coupled with microfluidic ports. An excimer laser has been used to define patterns in a polymer mold layer that is conformally vapor-deposited on a 3D microfluidic SU-8 substrate. Metal is electroplated through this mold to fabricate electrodes at multiple heights. To demonstrate 3D MEAs, a standard design was chosen consisting of an array of three-dimensional protrusions ('towers') optionally with microfluidic functionality on which electrodes can be formed extending to the top of each tower. Additional electrodes are formed on the substrate resulting in a multi-level electrode structure. Since microfluidics can exist both in the substrate as well as along the towers, a coupled three-dimensional electrical and microfluidic functionality is achieved. The resulting 3D MEAs have been analyzed electrically using impedance spectroscopy and baseline noise measurements. They have further been evaluated fluidically using micro-particle image velocimetry measurements.; Microfabrication technologies for a coupled three-dimensional microelectrode, microfluidic array"
000242920700002	X	"The construction of good starting solutions for multi-start local search heuristics is an important, yet not well-studied problem. In these heuristics, randomization methods are usually applied to explore new promising areas and memory mechanisms are incorporated with the main purpose of reinforcing good solutions. Under the template of a typical multi-start metaheuristic, Meta-RaPS (Meta-heuristic for Randomized Priority Search), this paper presents several randomization methods and memory mechanisms with a focus on comparing their effectiveness and analyzing their interaction effects. With the Set Covering Problem (SCP) as the application problem, it is found that these randomization methods work well for Meta-RaPS with an improvement phase while the memory mechanisms better the solution quality of the construction phase. The quality and efficiency of Meta-RaPS can be improved through the use of both memory mechanisms and randomization methods. This paper also discovers several efficient algorithms that maintain a good balance between randomness and memory and finds the optimal or best-known solutions for the 65 SCP test instances from the OR-library. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; On the effectiveness of incorporating randomness and memory into a multi-start metaheuristic with application to the Set Covering Problem"
000242982300016	X	"Closure to ""Remediation system design with multiple uncertain parameters using fuzzy sets and genetic algorithm"" by Jiabao Guan and Mustafa M. Aral"
000243013800020	X	"A novel, photodefinable, high dielectric constant (high-k) nanocomposite material was developed for embedded capacitor applications. It consists of SUS as the polymer matrix and barium titanate (BT) nanoparticles as the filler. The UV absorption characteristics of BT nanoparticles were studied with a UV-Vis spectrophotometer. The effects of BT nanoparticle size, filler loading, and UV irradiation dose on SUS photopolymerization were systematically investigated. The dielectric properties of the photodefined SU8 nanocomposites were characterized. Embedded capacitors using the novel high dielectric constant SU8 composite photoresist were demonstrated on a flexible polyimide substrate by the UV lithography method. (c) 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; High dielectric constant SU8 composite photoresist for embedded capacitors"
000243038100015	X	"This paper reports the development of MEMS metrology tools to characterize liquid and gaseous jets ejected from micro/nanofabricated nozzles. To date few highly local measurements have been made on micro/nanojets, due in part to the lack of characterization tools and techniques to investigate their characteristics. Atomic force microscope cantilevers are well-suited for interrogating these flows due to their high spatial and temporal resolution. In this work, cantilever sensors with either integrated heating elements or piezoresistive elements have been fabricated to measure thrust, velocity, and heat flux characteristics of micro/nanojets.; Micro-cantilever based metrology tool for flow characterization of liquid and gaseous micro/nanojets"
000243167300034	X	"Far infrared transmission experiments are performed on ultrathin epitaxial graphite samples in a magnetic field. The observed cyclotron resonancelike and electron-positron-like transitions are in excellent agreement with the expectations of a single-particle model of Dirac fermions in graphene, with an effective velocity of c=1.03x10(6) m/s.; Landau level spectroscopy of ultrathin graphite layers"
000243219000018	X	"The goal of this study was to investigate the effects of adhesion to the arginine-glycine-aspartic acid (RGD) sequence on the chondrogenesis of bone marrow stromal cells (BMSCs). Synthetic RGE- and RGD-containing peptides were conjugated to sodium alginate, and bovine BMSCs were seeded onto 2D alginate surfaces or encapsulated in 3D gels. BMSCs spread specifically on RGD-modified surfaces, and spreading was inhibited by a soluble RGD peptide and by anti-beta 1 and anti-alpha v beta 3 integrin blocking antibodies. After 7 days in 3D gel culture, the chondrogenic supplements (TGF-beta 1 and dexamethasone) significantly stimulated chondrocytic gene expression (collagen II, aggrecan, and Sox-9) and matrix accumulation (collagen II and sGAG) in RGE-modified gels, but this response was inhibited in the RGD-modified gels. Inhibition of sGAG synthesis increased with increasing RGD density, and synthesis was partially rescued by adding a soluble RGD peptide. Addition of an anti-alpha v beta 3 integrin blocking antibody had no effect on chondrogenesis, while an anti-alpha 5 antibody reduced sGAG accumulation. Overall, this study demonstrates that interaction with the RGD motif significantly inhibits the initial chondrogenesis of BMSCs within 3D alginate gels. These results provide new insights into the role of cell-matrix interactions in regulating chondrogenesis and highlight the importance of choosing appropriate biomaterials for tissue engineering therapies. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Inhibition of in vitro chondrogenesis in RGD-modified three-dimensional alginate gels"
000243256000002	X	"In vitro tissue culture models are often benchmarked by their ability to replicate in vivo function. One of the limitations of in vitro systems is the difficulty in preserving an orchestrated cell population, especially for generating three-dimensional tissue equivalents. For example, tissue-engineering applications involve large high-density constructs, requiring a perfusing system that is able to apply adequate oxygen and nutrients to the interior region of the tissue. This is particularly true with respect to thick tissue sections harvested for in vitro culture. We have fabricated a microneedle-based perfusion device for high-cell-density in vitro tissue culture from SU-8 photosensitive epoxy and suitable post-processing. The device was tested for its ability to improve viability in slices of harvested brain tissue. This model was chosen due to its acute sensitivity to disruptions in its nutrient supply. Improved viability was visible in the short term as assessed via live-dead discriminating fluorescent staining and confocal microscopy. This perfusion system opens up many possibilities for both neurobiological as well as other culture systems.; Three dimensional MEMS microfluidic perfusion system for thick brain slice cultures"
000243330600011	X	"Electromagnetic bandgap (EBG) synthesizer using genetic algorithm has been applied for noise suppression in mixed signal system applications. EBGs have been successfully synthesized, designed, simulated, fabricated, and measured for noise isolation in mixed signal systems.; Switching noise suppression in mixed signal system applications using electromagnetic band gap (EBG) synthesizer"
000243380700056	X	"This paper describes a high signal-to-noise ratio capacitive sensing circuit topology based on a capacitive feedback charge amplifier with high power and area efficiency. When the circuit is used in an audio MEMS sensor, 78.6dB SNR in audio band is measured with less than 0.5 mu W power consumption. With a MOS-BJT pseudo-resistor feedback scheme, this topology has also been applied to a capacitive micromachined ultrasonic transducer (CMUT) operating around 1MHz. An adaptation scheme using Fowler-Nordheim tunneling and channel hot electron injection mechanisms is also employed to stabilize the output DC voltage in an audio MEMS microphone sensor. The measured noise spectrums show that this slow-time scale adaptation does not degrade the performance of the circuit. Therefore, this simple topology can be employed in many capacitive sensing applications and can achieve high performance with high efficiency.; A floating-gate based low-power capacitive sensing interface circuit"
000243380700146	X	A CMOS ASIC has been designed and interfaced with a high Q MEMS gyroscope to yield an angular rate sensor with a 1.2 degrees/hr noise floor and 2mV/degrees/s rate sensitivity. A T-network transimpedance amplifier (TIA) has been implemented with a measured capacitive resolution of 0.04aF/root Hz an SNDR of 104dB and which consumes similar to 400 mu W of power. The TIA also provides large on-chip transimpedance and can sustain oscillations in MEMS gyroscopes with motional impedances greater than 10M Omega.; A 104dB SNDR transimpedance-based CMOS ASIC for tuning fork microgyroscopes
000243793900064	X	"In mammals, the primitive ectoderm is an epithelium of polarized cells that differentiates into all embryonic tissues. Our study shows that in primitive ectoderm cells, the sphingolipid ceramide was elevated and co-distributed with the small GTPase Cdc42 and cortical F-actin at the apicolateral cell membrane. Pharmacological or RNA interference-mediated inhibition of ceramide biosynthesis enhanced apoptosis and impaired primitive ectoderm formation in embryoid bodies differentiated from mouse embryonic stem cells. Primitive ectoderm formation was restored by incubation with ceramide or a ceramide analog. Ceramide depletion prevented plasma membrane translocation of PKC zeta/lambda, its interaction with Cdc42, and phosphorylation of GSK-3 beta, a substrate of PKC zeta/lambda. Recombinant PKC zeta formed a complex with the polarity protein Par6 and Cdc42 when bound to ceramide containing lipid vesicles. Our data suggest a novel mechanism by which a ceramide-induced, apicolateral polarity complex with PKC zeta/lambda regulates primitive ectoderm cell polarity and morphogenesis.; Ceramide regulates atypical PKC zeta lambda-mediated cell polarity in primitive Ectoderm cells - A novel function of sphingolipids in morphogenesis."
000244191100003	X	"An approach to low-cost, wafer-level packaging of microelectromechanical systems (MEMS), e.g., microresonators, is reported. The process does not require wafer-to-wafer bonding and can be applied to a wide range of MEMS devices. A sacrificial polymer-placeholder is first patterned on top of the MEMS component of interest, followed by overcoating with a low dielectric constant polymer overcoat. The sacrificial polymer decomposes at elevated temperature, and the volatile products from the sacrificial material permeate through the overcoat polymer leaving an embedded air-cavity around the MEMS structure. Thus, the device is released from the sacrificial polymeric material, housed in a protective overcoat. The protected MEMS device can then be handled and packaged like an integrated circuit. The electrical characteristics of the microresonators before and after packaging were essentially the same, showing the packaging scheme does not alter the device performance. This approach is applicable to both surface and bulk micromachined devices.; Wafer-level packaging of micromechanical resonators"
000244233200018	X	"The replication of genomic DNA is strictly regulated to occur only once per cell cycle. This regulation centers on the temporal restriction of replication licensing factor activity. Two distinct ubiquitin ligase (E3) complexes, CUL4/DDB1 and SCFSkp2, have been reported to target the replication licensing factor Cdt1 for ubiquitin-mediated proteolysis. However, it is unclear to what extent these two distinct Cdt1 degradation pathways are conserved. Here, we show that Caenorhabditis elegans DDB-1 is required for the degradation of CDT-1 during S phase. DDB-1 interacts specifically with CUL-4 but not with other C. elegans cullins. A ddb-1 null mutant exhibits extensive DNA rereplication in postembryonic BLAST cells, similar to what is observed in cul-4(RNAi) larvae. DDB-1 physically associates with CDT-1, suggesting that CDT-1 is a direct substrate of the CUL-4/DDB-1 E3 complex. In contrast, a deletion mutant of the C. elegans Skp2 ortholog, skpt-1, appears overtly wild type with the exception of an impenetrant gonad migration defect. There is no appreciable role for SKPT-1 in the degradation of CDT-1 during S phase, even in a sensitized ddb-1 mutant background. We propose that the CUL-4/DDB-1 ubiquitin ligase is the principal E3 for regulating the extent of DNA replication in C. elegans.; The Caenorhabditis elegans replication licensing factor CDT-1 is targeted for degradation by the CUL-4/DDB-1 complex"
000244265800005	X	This paper demonstrates for the first time a tunable bandpass filter with simultaneous frequency and bandwidth control using a combination of ferroelectric barium-strontium-titanate capacitors and cantilever microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) switches. The center frequency of the filter is tuned in a continuous fashion from 30 to 35 GHz with insertion loss ranging from 10 to 2.7 dB. The fractional bandwidth of the filter can also be independently controlled by a tuning scheme that uses MEMS switches to vary the inter-resonator coupling. The two-pole filter prototypes resulted in fractional bandwidths of 9.6% (wideband configuration) and 4.8% (narrowband configuration) for a tuning ratio of approximately 2: 1. The third-order filters resulted in bandwidths of 7.8% (wideband configuration) and 3.1% (narrowband configuration) for a passband tunable ratio of approximately 2.5: 1.; Frequency and bandwidth agile millimeter-wave filter using ferroelectric capacitors and MEMS cantilevers
000244379001063	X	"This paper presents a review of single crystal silicon bulk acoustic wave resonators and filters. Silicon-on-insulator (SOI) substrates are utilized to implement high quality factor (Q) integrated silicon resonators with capacitive and/or piezoelectric transducers. These resonators cover a wide range of frequencies including HF, VHF and UHF.; High-aspect-ratio SOI vibrating micromechanical resonators and filters"
000244379003043	X	"This paper presents a systematic procedure to optimize the design of RF and millimeter wave (MMW) integrated oscillators, and, at the same time, to maximize their yield using a neuro-genetic algorithm for the design centering. The design optimization procedure has been explained and demonstrated using a multi-band switched-inductor Colpitts VCO as well as a 30GHz cross-coupled VCO. The significance of the layout parasitic components in MMW oscillators has been described. An extended optimization procedure has been derived based on the sensitivity analysis involving the design components as well as the estimated layout parasitic elements. The prefabrication design yield for the given specifications is maximized using a genetic algorithm with neural models for the active circuit. The design yield is improved up to 90% with the developed neuro-genetic procedure.; Systematic design and yield optimization of RF and millimeter-wave oscillators using neuro-genetic algorithm"
000244496800011	X	"MEMS microcantilever test structures were utilized to examine the microstructural evolution of Au/Cr/Si thin films subject to annealing. Curvature evolution of the micron-sized structures was measured in response to anneals at various times and temperatures. Particular emphasis was placed on the accelerated annealing condition of 225 degrees C for 24 h. The then-no-mechanical response of the microcantilevers consisted of both linear-elastic and inelastic regimes. The temperature at which the then-no-mechanical profile deviates from linear thermo-elasticity is influenced by the stress, curvature and/or the microstructure of the specimens. Stress analysis suggests that microstructural evolution, not plastic yielding, controls the inelastic portion of the thermo-mechanical profile. Maximum stress increases of 146.3 and 202.9 MPa (i.e. 500% relative to the as-deposited state) were observed in the gold layer of the microcantilevers of different silicon thickness, as the result of the inelastic strain at elevated temperature. Increasingly greater curvature change is observed for specimens as annealing temperature is increased up to 150 degrees C, whereas the magnitude of curvature change is diminished as annealing temperature is increased above 150 degrees C. A complex curvature evolution is observed at 225 degrees C over a 24-h timeframe. Curvature evolution during isothermal hold occurs in response to the development of intrinsic stress within the metals. Use of a nitrogen atmosphere or nano-thickness alumina surface coatings was seen to alter the stability of the curvature evolution at 225 degrees C. The critical thickness for a protective alumina passivation occurs between 6.5 and 32.5 nm. Then-no-mechanical behavior is discussed here, while the corresponding microstructural evolution is discussed in the second part of this paper. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Thermo-mechanical evolution of multilayer thin films: Part I. Mechanical behavior of Au/Cr/Si microcantilevers"
000244631800002	X	"We consider a chance constrained problem, where one seeks to minimize a convex objective over solutions satisfying, with a given close to one probability, a system of randomly perturbed convex constraints. This problem may happen to be computationally intractable; our goal is to build its computationally tractable approximation, i.e., an efficiently solvable deterministic optimization program with the feasible set contained in the chance constrained problem. We construct a general class of such convex conservative approximations of the corresponding chance constrained problem. Moreover, under the assumptions that the constraints are a. ne in the perturbations and the entries in the perturbation vector are independent-of-each-other random variables, we build a large deviation-type approximation, referred to as ""Bernstein approximation,"" of the chance constrained problem. This approximation is convex and efficiently solvable. We propose a simulation-based scheme for bounding the optimal value in the chance constrained problem and report numerical experiments aimed at comparing the Bernstein and well-known scenario approximation approaches. Finally, we extend our construction to the case of ambiguous chance constrained problems, where the random perturbations are independent with the collection of distributions known to belong to a given convex compact set rather than to be known exactly, while the chance constraint should be satisfied for every distribution given by this set.; Convex approximations of chance constrained programs"
000244704900003	X	"We investigate a scheme, called pairing, for generating new valid inequalities for mixed integer programs by taking pairwise combinations of existing valid inequalities. The pairing scheme essentially produces a split cut corresponding to a specific disjunction, and can also be derived through the mixed integer rounding procedure. The scheme is in general sequence-dependent and therefore leads to an exponential number of inequalities. For some important cases, we identify combination sequences that lead to a manageable set of non-dominated inequalities. We illustrate the framework for some deterministic and stochastic integer programs and we present computational results showing the efficiency of adding the new generated inequalities as cuts. (c) 2007 Published by Fisevier B.V.; Sequential pairing of mixed integer inequalities"
000244819500002	X	"The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of alginate and agarose on the response of bone marrow stromal cells (BMSCs) to chondrogenic stimuli. Rat BMSCs were expanded in monolayer culture with or without FGF-2 supplementation. Cells were then seeded in 2% alginate and agarose gels and cultured in media with or without TGF-beta 1 or dexamethasone (Dex). Sulfated glycosaminoglycans (sGAGs), collagen type II, and aggrecan were expressed in all groups that received TGF-beta 1 treatment during hydrogel culture. Expansion of rat BMSCs in the presence of FGF-2 increased production of sGAG in TGF-beta 1-treated groups over those cultures that were treated with TGF-beta 1 alone in alginate cultuies. However, in agarose, cells exposed to FGF-2 during expansion produced less sGAG within TGF-beta 1 -supplemented groups over those cultures treated with TGF-beta 1 alone. Dex was required for optimal matrix synthesis in both hydrogels, but was found to decrease cell liability in agarose constructs. These results indicate that the response of BMSCs to a chondrogenic growth factor regimen is scaffold dependent. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Hydrogel effects on bone marrow stromal cell response to chondrogenic growth factors"
000244825600011	X	"Vertically aligned periodic arrays of carbon nanotubes (CNTs) are used to create topographically enhanced light-trapping photovoltaic cells. The CNTs form the back contact of the device and serve as a scaffold to support the photoactive heterojunction. Molecular beam epitaxy is used to deposit CdTe and CdS as the p/n-type materials and ion-assisted deposition is used to deposita conformal coating of indium-tin oxide as the transparent top contact. X-ray diffraction data shows (111) texture of the CdTe. Photo-current produced ""per cm(2) of footprint"" for the CNT-based device is 63 times that of a commercially available planar single crystal silicon device.; Carbon nanotube arrays for photovoltaic applications"
000244855500014	X	"Polyester side-chain grafted poly(aryleneethynylene)s (PEPAE) containing benzene and thiadiazole units were synthesized. Electrospinning allowed processing these PEPAEs into nanostructured materials. Large surface areas could be uniformly covered (100 cm(2)) by this technique. Side chain length, polymer concentration and solvent determined the type of nanostructure (nanofibers or microspheres) formed. When a polyester substituted poly(p-phenyleneethynylene) was electrospun into liquid nitrogen, a unique type of nanoporous morphology emerged.; Poly(aryleneethynylene)s with orange, yellow, green, and blue solid-state fluorescence"
000244996500006	X	"Back-propagation neural networks (BPN) have been extensively used as global approximation tools in the context of approximate optimization. A traditional BPN is normally trained by minimizing the absolute difference between target outputs and approximate outputs. When BPN is used as a meta-model for inequality constraint function, approximate optimal solutions are sometimes actually infeasible in a case where they are active at the constraint boundary. The paper explores the development of the efficient BPN based meta-model that enhances the constraint feasibility of approximate optimal solution. The BPN based meta-model is optimized via exterior penalty method to optimally determine interconnection weights between layers in the network. The proposed approach is verified through a simple mathematical function and a ten-bar planar truss problem. For constrained approximate optimization, design of rotor blade is conducted to support the proposed strategies. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; An enhancement of constraint feasibility in BPN based approximate optimization"
000245045000006	X	"The fabrication of purely polymeric free-standing structures of nanoscale thickness is technically challenging because of the poor mechanical stability of conventional polymers. Conjugated polymers (CP) composed of rod-like chains with much stronger mechanical properties are exploited here for layer-by-layer assembly. We successfully fabricated ultrathin freestanding layer-by-layer conjugated films (under 20 nm thick) which are flexible, easily fabricated, and demonstrated excellent mechanical properties combined with high fluorescence. This unique combination of properties can be considered for new applications such as flexible, lightweight displays and large luminescent panels.; Robust, fluorescent, and nanoscale freestanding conjugated films"
000245066000015	X	"This paper reports the development of microelectromechanical metrology tools to characterize liquid and gaseous jets generated from microfabricated nozzles with diameters ranging from I to 12 mu m. Microcantilever sensors with either piezoresistive elements or integrated heating elements have been fabricated and applied to measure thrusts, velocities, and heat transfer characteristics of micro/nanojets. Piezoresistive cantilever measurements showed that liquid butane microjets from a 6 mu m diameter nozzle achieved velocities 40-60 m/s for driving pressures 0.6-1.4MPa. Jet velocities estimated from cantilever measurements agreed well with shadowgraphy results within 12.5% without any correction factor. A microcantilever with integrated heating elements measured cooling capacities of liquid butane microjets on the order of 10(-5) W/K. (c) 2006 Published by Elsevier B.V.; Characterization of liquid and gaseous micro- and nanojets using microcantilever sensors"
000245066000027	X	"A fully compliant bistable micromechanism (hereafter identified as an in-plane rotary bistable micromechanism or IPRBM) is designed to perform in-plane rotary motion with two stable positions. The micromechanism consists of four identical bistable mechanisms arranged in a cyclic symmetry manner about a central proof mass. This new class of micromechanism can be used in several microelectromechanical system (MEMS) devices such as gate valve, optical shutter, and mechanical lock. Two types of IPRBMs have been developed in this paper, called as the outside IPRBM and the inside IPRBM. These two mechanisms differ by their relative orientation of bistable mechanisms with respect to the central proof mass. The micromechanisms are fabricated by electroplating a soft magnetic material-Permalloy (80% Ni, 20% Fe) into their photoresist mold. The minimum feature size is 4 mu m, which corresponds to the width of compliant linkages used in the mechanism. The fabricated micromechanisms are tested for their torque-deflection response by using an image-based force sensing method. The test results are compared with simulation results. A pseudo-rigid-body model as well as a finite element model of IPRBM is developed to simulate the mechanical response of the mechanism. The micromechanisms are shown to reversibly undergo 10-20 degrees of in-plane rotation and required a maximum torque of 1-2 mu N m depending on the design. The experimental results showed good overall agreement with the design. The testing of each type of IPRBM is performed on three different design cases between which the tether width and aspect ratio was varied. The study showed a relative advantage of slender tethers with high aspect ratio in minimizing out-of-plane deflection. Also, the anchor distance between bistable mechanisms is significant. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Design of fully compliant, in-plane rotary, bistable micromechanisms for MEMS applications"
000245130000022	X	"I In this paper, processing of biomaterial thin films using a novel physical vapor deposition process known as matrix assisted pulsed laser evaporation (MAPLE) is reviewed. The matrix assisted pulsed laser evaporation process provides excellent control over several film parameters, including thickness, roughness, homogeneity, and reliability. Deposition of dexamethasone thin films, Poly (1), L) lactic acid/dexamethasone bilayer thin films, and chitosan thin films is reviewed. The results highlight the expanding role of matrix assisted pulsed laser evaporation process in biomaterials, drug delivery, and tissue engineering. (c) 2006 Published by Elsevier B.V.; Matrix assisted pulsed laser evaporation of biomaterial thin films"
000245154200023	X	"Genetic engineering with osteogenic factors is a promising approach for cell-based therapeutics and orthopedic regeneration. However, the relative efficacy of different strategies for inducing osteoblastic differentiation remains unclear and is further complicated by varied delivery vehicles, cell types, and evaluation criteria. In order to elucidate the effects of distinct gene-based strategies, we quantitatively evaluated osteoblastic differentiation and mineralization of primary skeletal myoblasts overexpressing either the BMP-2 growth factor or Runx2 transcription factor. Retroviral delivery of BMP-2 or Runx2 stimulated differentiation into an osteoblastic phenotype, as demonstrated by the induction of osteogenic gene expression, alkaline phosphatase activity, and matrix mineralization in monolayer culture and on collagen scaffolds both in vitro and in an intramuscular site in vivo. In general, BMP-2 stimulated osteoblastic markers faster and to a greater extent than Runx2, although we also identified experimental conditions under which these two factors produced similar effects. Additionally, Runx2-engineered cells did not utilize paracrine signaling via secreted osteogenic factors, in contrast to cells overexpressing BMP-2, as demonstrated by conditioned media studies and activation of Smad signaling. These results emphasize the complexity of gene therapy-based orthopedic therapeutics as an integrated relationship of differentiation state, construct maturation, and paracrine signaling of osteogenic cells. This study is significant in evaluating proposed therapeutic systems and defining a successful strategy for integrating gene medicine and orthopedic regeneration.; In vitro and in vivo osteoblastic differentiation of BMP-2- and Runx2-engineered skeletal myoblasts"
000245331500059	X	Transport in ultrathin graphite grown on silicon carbide is dominated by the electron-doped epitaxial layer at the interface. Weak antilocalization in 2D samples manifests itself as a broad cusplike depression in the longitudinal resistance for magnetic fields 10 mT < B < 5 T. An extremely sharp weak-localization resistance peak at B=0 is also observed. These features quantitatively agree with graphene weak-(anti)localization theory implying the chiral electronic character of the samples. Scattering contributions from the trapped charges in the substrate and from trigonal warping due to the graphite layer on top are tentatively identified. The Shubnikov-de Haas oscillations are remarkably small and show an anomalous Berry's phase.; Weak antilocalization in epitaxial graphene: Evidence for chiral electrons
000245346100425	X	"Various uses of statistical tools combined with deterministic electromagnetic simulators in the analysis, design and optimization of RF and microwave systems are presented. First, the statistical methods are introduced, showing the advantages over the conventional techniques. The statistical tools used in the methodology include sources of variation tools such as ANOVA (Analysis of Variance), SPC (Statistical Process Control), and MC (Monte Carlo) simulation, to account for the process variability. Using this methodology, the developed transfer functions predict both the nominal values and the variation expected for system performance. This is of great value for complex 3D RF integrated modules, RF MEMS and reconfigurable systems, especially at high frequencies where the fabrication tolerances affect the system more due to the smaller circuit features. The methodology can be extended to predict performance of multi-level systems, for which the outputs of the lower-level system become the inputs of the higher-level system. The presented methodology is applied for the analysis, design and optimization of a benchmarking geometry of 60 GHz cavity filters in LTCC (low temperature cofired ceramic) technology.; Performance capability modeling and optimization of RF/millimeter wave integrated functions and modules using a hybrid statistical/electromagnetic technique that includes process variations"
000245368700051	X	"We report on high-resolution X-ray diffraction studies of crystalline perfection and relaxation of elastic strain in GaN and AlN layers grown on SiC and sapphire substrates. Thin (300-500 nm) GaN layers are grown with a threading screw dislocation density of about 1-2 x 10(7) cm(-2). A density of 1.75-8.5 x 10(5) cm(-2), the lowest value ever reported for III-nitride epitaxial layers, is observed in thin (200-300 nm) AlN layers. In both cases, low density is observed in a surface layer formed over the defective nucleation layer. A model of spatial distribution of crystalline defects, based on generation of point defects on the growth surface, diffusion and further structural transformation under the action of volumetric elastic strain accounts for these observations. Perfect thin layers may be used as templates for epitaxial growth of perfect layers of other compositions, for example, GaN or InGaN layers for photovoltaic applications. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Crystalline perfection of GaN and AlN epitaxial layers and the main features of structural transformation of crystalline defects"
000245418400003	X	"Integrated inductors are typically formed either on a, chip or embedded in a package or board. In this work, we explore the possibility of forming inductors in the chip-to-board interconnect layer. The solderless technique of copper (Cu) electroplating bonding is used to simultaneously form inductor structures as well as chip-to-board interconnect. The use of the gap between the chip and substrate for inductors not only increases integration density, but also allows large magnetic cross-sectional areas to be achieved. To demonstrate the technology, a plating-through-mold. method has been used in the establishment of tall interconnect. or solenoid inductors. For demonstration of the electroplating bonded micro solenoid structures, three- and seven-turn (500 mu m in height) inductors have been realized with measured inductances of 3.6 and 10.4 nH, and Q-factors of 71 and 55, respectively. As an alternative approach, a polymer-core-conductor method in which polymer posts coated with metal are electroplating bonded, has been developed. This approach reduces processing time in the fabrication of the tall metal structures. For the polymer core RF structures, three-, five-, seven-, and 10-turn inductors have been fabricated. These inductors have inductances of 4.2, 7.0, 9.6, and 13.6 nH, and Q-factors of 72, 64, 56, and 61, respectively.; Chip-to-board micromachining for interconnect layer passive components"
000245452403054	X	"This paper describes multi-agent strategies for applying Continuous and Embedded Learning (CEL). In the CEL architecture [1], an agent maintains a simulator based on its current knowledge of the world and applies a learning algorithm that obtains its performance measure using this simulator. The simulator is updated to reflect changes in the environment or robot state that can be detected by a monitor, such as sensor failures. In this paper, we adapt this architecture to a multi-agent setting in which the monitor is communicated among the team members effectively creating a distributed monitor. The parameters of the current control algorithm (in our case rulebases learned by Genetic Algorithms) used by all of the agents are added to the monitor as well, allowing for cooperative learning. We show that communication of agent status (e.g. failures) among the team members allows the agents to dynamically adapt to team properties, in this case team size. Furthermore, we show that an agent is able to switch between specializing within a section of the domain when there are many team members and generalizing to other parts of the domain when the rest of the team members are disabled. Finally, we also discuss future potential of this method, most notably in the creation of a Distributed Case Based Reasoning system in which the cases are actual Genetic Algorithm population members that can be swapped among team members.; Continuous and Embedded Learning for multi-agent systems"
000245457400010	X	"In this work, the use of Raman Stokes peak location and linewidth broadening methods were evaluated for thermometry applications of polysilicon microheaters subjected to evolving thermal stresses. Calibrations were performed using the temperature dependence of each spectral characteristic separately, and the uncertainty of each method quantified. It was determined that the Stokes linewidth was independent of stress variation allowing for temperature determination, irrespective of stress state. However the linewidth method is subject to greater uncertainty than the Stokes shift determination. The uncertainties for each method are observed to decrease with decreasing temperature and increasing integration times. The techniques were applied to mechanically constrained electrically active polysilicon microheaters. Results revealed temperatures in excess of 500 degrees C could be achieved in these devices. Using the peak location method resulted in an underprediction of temperature due to the development of a relative compressive thermal stress with increasing power dissipation.; Raman thermometry of polysilicon microelectromechanical systems in the presence of an evolving stress"
000245464500001	X	"The presence of live periosteal progenitor cells on the surface of bone autografts confers better healing than devitalized allograft. We have previously demonstrated in a murine 4mm segmental femoral bone-grafting model that live periosteum produces robust endochondral and intramembraneous bone formation that is essential for effective healing and neovascularization of structural bone grafts. To the end of engineering a live pseudo-periosteum that could induce a similar response onto devitalized bone allograft, we seeded a mesenchymal stem cell line stably transfected with human bone morphogenic protein-2/ beta-galactosidase (C9) onto devitalized bone allografts or onto a membranous small intestinal submucosa scaffold that was wrapped around the allograft. Histology showed that C9-coated allografts displayed early cartilaginous tissue formation at day 7. By 6 and 9 weeks, a new cortical shell was found bridging the segmental defect that united the host bones. Biomechanical testing showed that C9-coated allografts displayed torsional strength and stiffness equivalent to intact femurs at 6 weeks and superior to live isografts at 9 weeks. Volumetric and histomorphometric micro-computed tomography analyses demonstrated a 2-fold increase in new bone formation around C9-coated allografts, which resulted in a substantial increase in polar moment of inertia (pMOI) due to the formation of new cortical shell around the allografts. Positive correlations between biomechanics and new bone volume and pMOI were found, suggesting that the biomechanical function of the grafted femur relates to both morphological parameters. C9-coated allograft also exhibited slower resorption of the graft cortex at 9 weeks than live isograft. Both new bone formation and the persistent allograft likely contributed to the improved biomechanics of C9-coated allograft. Taken together, we propose a novel strategy to combine structural bone allograft with genetically engineered mesenchymal stem cells as a novel platform for bone tissue engineering.; Structural bone allograft combined with genetically engineered mesenchymal stem cells as a novel platform for bone tissue engineering"
000245508100175	X	"Digital Clay is proposed as the next generation human-machine communication interface with a morphing, tangible and haptic shape / surface. It is composed of a large array of hydraulic actuators in a planar pin-rod style and corresponding control system. It will be constructed using MEMS technology ultimately to satisfy the resolution, manufacturing and cost requirements. Per the ultimate objective, Digital Clay may have 10,000 to 1,000,000 actuators and, consequently, an array of sensors of similarly large numbers. In this paper the sensing system of the Digital Clay is investigated and solutions are given for current and future implementation.; Embedding and multiplexing large scale sensor arrays for digital clay"
000245691700014	X	"Although the beneficial effects of perfusion on cell-mediated mineralization have been demonstrated in several studies, the size of the mineralized constructs produced has been limited. The ability to quantify mineralized matrix formation non-invasively within 3D constructs would benefit efforts to optimize bioreactor conditions for scaling-up constructs to clinically relevant dimensions. In this study, we report a micro-CT imaging-based technique to monitor 3D mineralization over time in a perfusion bioreactor and specifically assess mechanisms of construct mineralization by quantifying the number, size, and distribution of mineralized particle formation within constructs varying in thickness from 3 to 9mm. As expected, mineralized matrix volume and particle number increased with construct thickness. Analyzing multiple concentric volumes inside each construct indicated that a greater proportion of the mineral volume was found within the interior of the perfused constructs. Interestingly, intermediate-sized 6mm thick constructs were found to have the highest core mineral volume fraction and the largest mineralized particles. Two complementary mechanisms of increasing total mineral volume were observed in the 6 and 9 mm constructs: increasing particle size and increasing the number of mineralized particles, respectively. The rate of mineralized matrix formation in the perfused constructs increased from 0.69 mm(3)/week during the first 3 weeks of culture to 1.03 mm(3)/week over the final 2 weeks. In contrast, the rate of mineral deposition in the static controls was 0.01 mm(3)/week during the first 3 weeks of culture and 0.16 mm(3)/week from week 3 to week 5. The ability to monitor overall construct mineralization non-invasively coupled with quantitative analysis of mineralized particle size, number, and distribution offers a powerful tool for elucidating how mineral growth mechanisms are affected by cell type, scaffold material and architecture, or bioreactor flow conditions. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Noninvasive image analysis of 3D construct mineralization in a perfusion bioreactor"
000245723100035	X	"A case-based reasoning (C R) knowledge base has been incorporated into a Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) design tool that uses a multi-objective genetic algorithm (MOGA) to synthesize and optimize conceptual designs. CBR utilizes previously successful MEMS designs and sub-assemblies as building blocks stored in an indexed case library, which serves as the knowledge base for the synthesis process. Designs in the case library are represented in a parameterized object-oriented format, incorporating MEMS domain knowledge into the design synthesis loop as well as restrictions for the genetic operations of mutation and crossover for MOGA optimization. Reasoning tools locate cases in the design library with solved problems similar to the current design problem and suggest promising conceptual designs which have the potential to be starting design populations for a MOGA evolutionary optimization process, to further generate more MEMS designs concepts. Surface micro-machined resonators are used as an example to introduce this integrated MEMS design synthesis process. The results of testing on resonator case studies demonstrate how the combination of CBR and MOGA synthesis tools can help increase the number of optimal design concepts presented to MEMS designers.; MEMS design synthesis: Integrating case-based reasoning and multi-objective genetic algorithms - art. no. 641419"
000245852700023	X	"Secondary walls are the major component of wood, and studies of the mechanisms regulating secondary wall synthesis is important for understanding the process of wood formation. We have previously shown that the NAC domain transcription factor SECONDARY WALL-ASSOCIATED NAC DOMAIN PROTEIN1 (SND1) is a key regulator of secondary wall synthesis in fibers of Arabidopsis thaliana stems and dominant repression of SND1 leads to a reduction in secondary wall thickening in fibers. However, T-DNA knockout of the SND1 gene did not cause an alteration in secondary wall thickness, suggesting that other SND1 homologs may compensate for the loss of SND1 expression. Here, we studied the effects of simultaneous inhibition of SND1 and its homolog, NAC SECONDARY WALL THICKENING PROMOTING FACTOR1 (NST1), on secondary wall synthesis in fibers. We show that simultaneous RNA interference (RNAi) inhibition of the expression of both SND1 and NST1 genes results in loss of secondary wall formation in fibers of stems. The fiber cells in the stems of SND1/NST1-RNAi plants lack all three major secondary wall components, including cellulose, xylan, and lignin, which is accompanied by a severe reduction in the expression of genes involved in their biosynthesis. In addition, inhibition of SND1 and NST1 leads to down-regulation of several fiber-associated transcription factor genes. Double T-DNA knockout mutations of SND1 and NST1 genes cause the same effects, as does simultaneous RNAi inhibition of SND1 and NST1. Our results provide first line evidence demonstrating that SND1 and NST1 function redundantly in the regulation of secondary wall synthesis in fibers.; Two NAC domain transcription factors, SND1 and NST1, function redundantly in regulation of secondary wall synthesis in fibers of Arabidopsis"
000246016400004	X	"In this paper, we present a Decision-Making Framework (DMF) for reducing ozone pollution in the metropolitan Atlanta region. High ground-level concentrations of ozone continue to be a serious problem in several US cities, and Atlanta is one of the most serious of these cases. In contrast to the ""trial and error"" approach utilized by state government decision-makers, our DMF searches for dynamic and focused control strategies that require a lower total reduction of emissions than current control strategies. Our DMF utilizes a rigorous stochastic dynamic programming formulation and includes an Atmospheric Chemistry Module to represent how ozone concentrations change over time. This paper focuses on the procedures within the Atmospheric Chemistry Module. Using the US EPA's Urban Airshed Model for Atlanta, we use mining and metamodeling tools to develop a computationally efficient representation of the relevant ozone air chemistry. The proposed approach is able to effectively model changes in ozone concentrations over a 24-hour period.; Mining and modeling for a metropolitan Atlanta ozone pollution decision-making framework"
000246170100008	X	"Fast depleting reserves of conventional energy sources has resulted in an urgent need for increasing energy conversion efficiencies and recycling of waste heat. One of the potential candidates for fulfilling these requirements is thermophotovoltaic (TPV) devices. TPV devices generate electricity from either the complete combustion of different fuels or the waste heat of other energy sources, thereby saving energy. The thermal radiation from the emitter is incident on a TPV cell, which generates electrical currents. Applications of such devices range from hybrid electric vehicles to power sources for microelectronic systems. Absence of any moving parts and versatile fuel usage has made TPV devices very appealing for military and space applications. However, the presently available TPV systems suffer from low conversion efficiency. A viable solution to increase their efficiency is to apply microscale radiation principles in the design of different components to utilize the characteristics of thermal radiation at small distances and in microstructures. In order to have a clear understanding of microscale radiation and its role in TPV devices, several critical issues are reviewed in the present work. Emphasis is given to the development of wavelength-selective emitters and filters and the aspects of microscale heat transfer as applied to TPV systems. Recent progress, along with challenges and opportunities for future development of TPV systems are also outlined. Copyright (C) 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.; Microscale radiation in thermophotovoltaic devices - A review"
000246173200045	X	Integrating solution-derived 3D PZT structures on Si mems platform for RF and biomedical applications
000246173200049	X	"A novel, photodefinable, high dielectric constant (high-k) nanocomposite material has been developed for embedded capacitor applications. It consists of SU8 as the polymer matrix and barium titanate (BT) nanoparticles as the filler. The UV absorption characteristics of BT nanoparticles were studied with a UV-Vis spectrophotometer. The effects of BT nanoparticle size, filler loading, and UV irradiation dose on SU8 photopolyinerization were systematically investigated. The dielectric properties of the photodefined SU8 nanocomposites were characterized. Embedded capacitors using the novel high dielectric constant SU8 composite photoresist were demonstrated on a flexible polyimide substrate by UV lithography method.; Photodefinable high-k SU8 nanocomposite for embedded capacitors"
000246173200050	X	"This paper presents characterization of a low-cost polymer-based technique for wafer-level packaging of nucroelectromechartical systems (MEMS). The packaging process does not impose any size limitation to the device and can be applied to a wide variety of MEMS devices regardless of substrate type. Our technique utilizes thermal decomposition of a sacrificial polymer through a polymer overcoat cap, followed by metal deposition to create hermiticity. The method has been applied to surface and bulk micromachined silicon structures including resonators, tunable capacitors and accelerometers. Mechanical and electrical characterization of the packaged devices is reported to be very close to the corresponding values before packaging.; Characterization of a polymer-based MEMS packaging technique"
000246179000004	X	"There is an ever increasing need to use optimization methods for thermal design of data centers and the hardware populating them. Airflow simulations of cabinets and data centers are computationally intensive and this problem is exacerbated when the simulation model is integrated with a design optimization method. Generally speaking, thermal design of data center hardware can be posed as a constrained multi-objective optimization problem. A popular approach for solving this kind of problem is to use Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithms (MOGAs). However, the large number of simulation evaluations needed for MOGAs has been preventing their applications to realistic engineering design problems. In this paper, details of a substantially more efficient MOGA are formulated and demonstrated through a thermal analysis simulation model of a data center cabinet. First, a reduced-order model of the cabinet problem is constructed using the Proper Orthogonal Decomposition (POD). The POD model is then used to form the objective and constraint functions of an optimization model. Next, this optimization model is integrated with the new MOGA. The new MOGA uses a ""kriging"" guided operation in addition to conventional genetic algorithm operations to search the design space for global optimal design solutions. This approach for optimal design is essential to handle complex multi-objective situations, where the optimal solutions may be non-obvious from simple analyses or intuition. It is shown that in optimizing the data center cabinet problem, the new MOGA outperforms a conventional MOGA by estimating the Pareto front using 50% fewer simulation calls, which makes its use very promising for complex thermal design problems.; Optimizing thermal design of data center cabinets with a new multi-objective genetic algorithm"
000246191700031	X	"Graphene nanoribbons (GNRs), which are single graphene sheets, share many of the fascinating electronic, mechanical, and thermal properties of carbon nanotubes. Compact physical models for conductance of GNRs as functions of chirality, width, Fermi level, and the type of electron scatterings at the edges are presented. For widths below 8 nm, the models demonstrate that single-layer GNRs can potentially outperform copper wires with unity aspect ratio.; Conductance modeling for graphene nanoribbon (GNR) interconnects"
000246413400023	X	"Immersion of polycrystalline silicon in hydrofluoric acid-based solutions is often utilized in microsystem fabrication to liberate mechanical structures. The authors demonstrate, using microfabricated tensile specimens, that such etching can cause a catastrophic reduction in tensile strength and elastic modulus in silicon galvanically coupled to a metallic layer, such as commonly used gold. Galvanically corroded silicon exhibits grain-boundary attack leading to intergranular fracture and/or generalized material removal. The severity of damage and corresponding losses in strength and modulus depend on etch duration and etch chemistry. In contrast, without a metallic layer, uncorroded silicon fails transgranularly and independent of etch duration or chemistry. (C) 2007 American Institute of Physics.; Galvanic corrosion induced degredation of tensile properties in micromachined polycrystalline silicon"
000246650900003	X	"Purpose - Mask projection micro-stereolithography (MP mu SLA) is an additive manufacturing process capable for fabricating true three-dimensional microparts and hence, holds promise as a potential 3D MEMS fabrication process. With only a few MP mu SLA systems developed and studied so far, the research in this field is inchoate and experimental in nature. In order to employ the MP mu SLA technology for microfabrication, it is necessary to model its part building process and formulate a process planning method to cure dimensionally accurate microparts. The purpose of this paper is to formulate a process planning method for curing dimensionally accurate layers. Design/methodology/approach - A MP mu SLA system is designed and assembled. The process of curing a single layer in resin using this system is modeled as the layer cure model. The layer cure model is validated by curing test layers. This model is used to formulate a process planning method to cure dimensionally accurate layers. The process planning method is tested by conducting a case study. Findings - The layer cure model is found to be valid within 3 percent for most of the features and within 10 percent for very small features (< 250 mu m). The paper shows that ray tracing can be effectively used to model the process of irradiation of the resin surface in a MP mu SLA system. Research limitations/implications - The process planning method is applicable only to those imaging systems, which are aberration limited as opposed to diffraction limited. The dimensional errors in the lateral dimensions of single layers cured by MP mu SLA have been modeled, but not the vertical errors in 3D parts. Originality/value - In this paper, a process planning method for MP mu SLA has been presented for the first time.; Process planning method for mask projection micro-stereolithography"
000246659000006	X	"Ceramide kinase (CERK) is a critical mediator of eicosanoid synthesis, and its product, ceramide-1-phosphate (C1P), is required for the production of prostaglandins in response to several inflammatory agonists. In this study, mass spectrometry analysis disclosed that the main forms of C1P in cells were C-16:0 C1P and C-18:0 C1P, suggesting that CERK uses ceramide transported to the trans-Golgi apparatus by ceramide transport protein (CERT). To this end, downregulation of CERT by RNA interference technology dramatically reduced the levels of newly synthesized C1P (kinase-derived) as well as significantly reduced the total mass levels of C1P in cells. Confocal microscopy, subcellular fractionation, and surface plasmon resonance analysis were used to further localize CERK to the trans-Golgi network, placing the generation of C1P in the proper intracellular location for the recruitment of cytosolic phospholipase A2 alpha. In conclusion, these results demonstrate that CERK localizes to areas of eicosanoid synthesis and uses a ceramide ""pool"" transported in an active manner via CERT.; Ceramide kinase uses ceramide provided by ceramide transport protein: localization to organelles of eicosanoid synthesis"
000246895000023	X	"The paper describes the design and implementation of an electronically temperature compensated reference oscillator based on capacitive silicon micromechanical resonators. The design of a 5.5-MHz silicon bulk acoustic resonator has been optimized to offer high quality factor (>100000) while maintaining tunability in excess of 3000 ppm for fine-tuning and temperature compensation. Oscillations are sustained with a CMOS amplifier. When interfaced with the temperature compensating bias circuit, the oscillator exhibits a frequency drift of 39 ppm over 100 degrees C as compared to an uncompensated frequency drift of 2830 ppm over the same range. The sustaining amplifier and compensation circuitry were fabricated in a 2P3M 0.6-mu m CMOS process.; Electronically temperature compensated silicon bulk acoustic resonator reference oscillators"
000246943800001	X	"[1] We describe results of a project known as OptIC (Optimisation InterComparison) for comparison of parameter estimation methods in terrestrial biogeochemical models. A highly simplified test model was used to generate pseudo-data to which noise with different characteristics was added. Participants in the OptIC project were asked to estimate the model parameters used to generate this data, and to predict model variables into the future. Ten participants contributed results using one of the following methods: Levenberg-Marquardt, adjoint, Kalman filter, Markov chain Monte Carlo and genetic algorithm. Methods differed in how they locate the minimum (gradient-descent or global search), how observations are processed ( all at once sequentially), or the number of iterations used, or assumptions about the statistics ( some methods assume Gaussian probability density functions; others do not). We found the different methods equally successful at estimating the parameters in our application. The biggest variation in parameter estimates arose from the choice of cost function, not the choice of optimization method. Relatively poor results were obtained when the model-data mismatch in the cost function included weights that were instantaneously dependent on noisy observations. This was the case even when the magnitude of residuals varied with the magnitude of observations. Missing data caused estimates to be more scattered, and the uncertainty of predictions increased correspondingly. All methods gave biased results when the noise was temporally correlated or non-Gaussian, or when incorrect model forcing was used. Our results highlight the need for care in choosing the error model in any optimization.; OptIC project: An intercomparison of optimization techniques for parameter estimation in terrestrial biogeochemical models"
000246998100004	X	"This, paper reviews Our work on microfabricated miniature electromagnetic microvalves. Three different designs are presented: on/off, mechanically bistable, and rotational microvalves. This paper concentrates in the design, modeling/simulation, and the fabrication of different types of electromagnetic microvalves. The challenges in the fabrication of permanent magnets directly on the valve's membrane structure to produce bistable techniques are also presented.; Designing and fabricating electromagnetically actuated microvalves for MEMS applications"
000247029803048	X	"This paper presents a stochastic programming framework for solving the optimal scheduling problem faced by a hydro-electric power producer who simultaneously participates in multiple markets. Specifically, the hydro-electric power generator participates in both the electricity spot market and the ancillary services market as a price taker. It seeks to maximize its profit by jointly optimizing its power sales and scheduling into all markets subject to market uncertainties and operational constraints. The impact of market uncertainties on the co-optimization problem over a pre-specified time horizon is examined through a stochastic programming formulation incorporating both market participation and market price uncertainties. Numerical studies on the advantages of the proposed stochastic co-optimization strategy for a hydro-generator for hedging market uncertainties are carried out in a realistic case study. The proposed model can also be directly adapted for determining the optimal scheduling and bidding strategy for a power producer subject to additional types of market and operational uncertainties.; Optimal scheduling of hydro-electric power generation with simultaneous participation in multiple markets"
000247029804018	X	"This study shows step by step the application of the Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) method to solve the problem of optimal allocation and sizing of multiple Static Compensators (STATCOM) in a medium size power network (45 bus system, part of the Brazilian power network). The PSO is proposed as an alternative methodology for traditional heuristic approaches and complicated mixed integer linear and non linear programming methods. Simulation results show the suitability of the PSO technique in finding multiple optimal solutions to the problem (Pareto front) with reasonable computational effort. As a part of this study, the optimal setting of PSO parameters is investigated and different power system load conditions are tested to determine the impact over the location and size of each STATCOM unit.; Multiple STATCOM allocation and sizing using particle swarm optimization"
000247056500006	X	"We investigated the development of an injectable, biodegradable hydrogel composite of oligo(poly(ethylene glycol) fumarate) (OPF) with encapsulated rabbit marrow mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) and gelatin microparticles (MPs) loaded with transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) for cartilage tissue engineering applications. Rabbit MSCs and TGF-beta 1-loaded MPs were mixed with OPF, a poly(ethylene glycol)-diacrylate crosslinker and the radical initiators ammonium persulfate and N,N,N ',N '-tetramethylethylenediamine, and then crosslinked at 37 degrees C for 8 min to form hydrogel composites. Three studies were conducted over 14 days in order to examine the effects of. (1) the composite formulation, (2) the MSC seeding density, and (3) the TGF-beta 1 concentration on the chondrogenic differentiation of encapsulated rabbit MSCs. Bioassay results showed no significant difference in DNA amount between groups, however, groups with MPs had a significant increase in glycosaminoglycan content per DNA starting at day 7 as compared to controls at day 0. Chondrocyte-specific gene expression of type 11 collagen and aggrecan were only evident in groups containing TGF-beta 1-loaded MPs and varied with TGF-fl] concentration in a dose-dependent manner. Specifically, type II collagen gene expression exhibited a 161 +/- 49-fold increase and aggrecan gene expression a 221 +/- 151-fold increase after 14 days with the highest dose of TGF-beta 1 (16 ng/ml). These results indicate that encapsulated rabbit MSCs remained viable over the culture period and differentiated into chondrocyte-like cells, thus suggesting the potential of OPF composite hydrog'els as part of a novel strategy for localized delivery of stem cells and bioactive molecules. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Injectable biodegradable hydrogel composites for rabbit marrow mesenchymal stem cell and growth factor delivery for cartilage tissue engineering"
000247072300020	X	"An electron-transport polymer with good solution processibility, excellent thermal stability, and high electron affinity based on alternating perylene diimide and dithienothiophene units has been synthesized. Electron mobilities as high as 1.3 x 10(-2) cm(2) V-1 s(-1) have been measured in field-effect transistor geometry. The polymer shows broad absorptions throughout the visible and extending into the near-IR. A power conversion efficiency of over 1%, under simulated AM 1.5, 100 mW/cm(2), was measured for a single-layer solar cell using this polymer as an acceptor and a polythiophene derivative as a donor.; A high-mobility electron-transport polymer with broad absorption and its use in field-effect transistors and all-polymer solar cells"
000247090700002	X	"Thermal metrology of an electrically active silicon heated atomic force microscope cantilever and doped polysilicon microbeams was performed using Raman spectroscopy. The temperature dependence of the Stokes Raman peak location and the Stokes to anti-Stokes intensity ratio calibrated the measurements, and it was possible to assess both temperature and thermal stress behavior with resolution near 1 mu m. The devices can exceed 400 degrees C with the required power depending upon thermal boundary conditions. Comparing the Stokes shift method to the intensity ratio technique, non-negligible errors in devices with mechanically fixed boundary conditions compared to freely standing structures arise due to thermally induced stress. Experimental values were compared with a finite element model, and were within 9% of the thermal response and 5 % of the electrical response across the entire range measured.; Thermal metrology of silicon microstructures using Raman spectroscopy"
000247090700013	X	"In this study, the effect of epoxy based molding compound packaging on a micro-electro-mechanical system (MEMS) pressure sensor performance is investigated. A series of experiments were conducted to characterize the MEMS sensor over temperature and pressure changes by measuring output voltage signals. The sensor was modeled by a finite element method to investigate the stress developments. The molding compound was assumed as elastic and viscoelastic material to examine the material modeling effect on the calculation results. The model was verified by comparing the calculated results with experimental data. It was found that the stress induced by the molding compound had significant influence on the sensor performance, and the accuracy of the calculations was highly dependent on the modeling of the molding compound. Based on the results, the mechanism of the stress development and its effect on the sensor signal were discussed.; Packaging effect on MEMS pressure sensor performance"
000247097000002	X	"The cellular response to environmental stimuli requires biochemical information processing through which sensory inputs and cellular status are integrated and translated into appropriate responses by way of interacting networks of enzymes. One such network, the mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase cascade is a highly conserved signal transduction module that propagates signals from cell surface receptors to various cytosolic and nuclear targets by way of a phosphorylation cascade. We have investigated the potential for signal processing within a network of interacting feed-forward kinase cascades typified by the MAP kinase cascade. A genetic algorithm was used to search for sets of kinetic parameters demonstrating representative key input-output patterns of interest. We discuss two of the networks identified in our study, one implementing the exclusive-or function (XOR) and another implementing what we refer to as an in-band detector (IBD) or two-sided threshold. These examples confirm the potential for logic and amplitude-dependent signal processing in interacting MAP kinase cascades demonstrating limited cross-talk. Specifically, the XOR function allows the network to respond to either one, but not both signals simultaneously, while the IBD permits the network to respond exclusively to signals within a given range of strength, and to suppress signals below as well as above this range. The solution to the XOR problem is interesting in that it requires only two interacting pathways, crosstalk at only one layer, and no feedback or explicit inhibition. These types of responses are not only biologically relevant but constitute signal processing modules that can be combined to create other logical functions and that, in contrast to amplification, cannot be achieved with a single cascade or with two non-interacting cascades. Our computational results revealed surprising similarities between experimental data describing the JNK/MKK4/MKK7 pathway and the solution for the IBD that evolved from the genetic algorithm. The evolved IBD not only exhibited the required non-monotonic signal strength-response, but also demonstrated transient and sustained responses that properly reflected the input signal strength, dependence on both of the MAPKKs for signaling, phosphorylation site preferences by each of the MAPKKs, and both activation and inhibition resulting from the overexpression of one of the MAPKKs. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; The potential for signal integration and processing in interacting MAP kinase cascades"
000247145500084	X	The paper analyze the direct relation between the dielectric polarization mechanisms and the radio frequency microelectromechanical system capacitive switches performance. The dielectric polarization mechanisms are investigated in metal-insulator-metal capacitors with the aid of the thermally stimulated depolarization current method. The performance of microelectromechanical system is studied through the temperature dependence of the bias for the minimum capacitance. The simultaneous assessment allows the discrimination of dipolar and space charge polarization that allows the prediction of the shift of capacitance minimum with temperature. (c) 2007 American Institute of Physics.; Dielectric charging in radio frequency microelectromechanical system capacitive switches: A study of material properties and device performance
000247219200007	X	"In this paper, the design, fabrication, and measurement of reliable low-cost capacitive radio-frequency microelectromechanical systems switches with a novel fabrication approach using direct photodefinable high-k metal oxides are presented. In this approach, a radiation-sensitive metal-organic precursor is deposited via spin coating and converted to a high-k metal oxide via ultraviolet exposure. Measurements of the bridge-type switches have been done up to 40 GHz. These switches are reliable (> 340 million cycles) and exhibited low insertion loss (about 0.3 dB at 20 GHz) and better isolation (about 24 dB at 20 GHz) at frequencies below the resonant frequency as compared to switches that are fabricated using a simple silicon nitride dielectric.; Novel reliable RF capacitive MEMS switches with photodefinable metal-oxide dielectrics"
000247470001287	X	Parasitism genes: Novel targets for engineering universal root-knot nematode resistance by RNAi.
000247470001364	X	Nematode parasitism genes as RNAi targets for engineering novel nematode resistant crops.
000247485000013	X	"We present the use of artificial neural networks (ANNs) to model an electromagnetic microelectromechanical system (MEMS) microactuator. It is inherently complex and time consuming to model/predict the response of an electromagnetic microactuator numerically by finite element analysis, particularly when it is actuated by a pulse of current in media with different properties (e.g., air, water, and diluted methanol). ANNs are used to model the maximum displacement (d(max)) of the microactuator for a range of burst frequencies (f(b)) and input currents (I-coil), as well as different mechanical designs and actuation media. The prediction errors of the ANN model in normal and pressurized air are < 13 and < 2%, respectively. The prediction error for the same response in water or 50% diluted methanol in water is < 10%. (c) 2007 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers.; Using neural networks to model an electromagnetic-actuated microactuator"
000247542500022	X	"Epitaxial graphene layers grown on single-crystal SiC have large structural coherence domains and can be easily patterned into submicron structures using standard microelectronics lithography techniques. Pattemed structures show two-dimensional electron gas properties with mobilities exceeding 3 m(2)/Vs. Magnetotransport measurements (Shubnikov-de Haas oscillations) indicate that the transport properties are dominated by the highly doped graphene layer at the silicon carbide interface. They reveal the Dirac nature of the charge carriers as predicted for a single graphene layer. The properties of Dirac fermions can be conveniently explored in epitaxial graphene with long electronic phase coherence at the micron scale. (c) 2007 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.; Magnetotransport in high mobility epitaxial graphene"
000247599300003	X	"Thin titania gel films containing well-dispersed fluorescein dye were prepared by the sol-gel method and treated with steam to promote crystal growth of the titania particles. It is known that steam treatment converts the titania structure from amorphousness to crystalline. In the present study, such change is found to increase the rate of the photoinduced electron transfer from and to dispersed fluorescein dye molecules.; Change in titania structure from amorphousness to crystalline increasing photoinduced electron-transfer rate in dye-titania system"
000247624700035	X	"We present a structural analysis of the multilayer graphene/4HSiC(0001) system using surface x-ray reflectivity. We show that graphene films grown on the C-terminated (0001) surface have a graphene-substrate bond length that is very short (1.62 angstrom). The measured distance rules out a weak van der Waals interaction to the substrate and instead indicates a strong bond between the first graphene layer and the bulk as predicted by ab initio calculations. The measurements also indicate that multilayer graphene grows in a near turbostratic mode on this surface. This result may explain the lack of a broken graphene symmetry inferred from conduction measurements on this system [C. Berger et al., Science 312, 1191 (2006)].; Structural properties of the multilayer graphene/4H-SiC(000(1) overbar) system as determined by surface x-ray diffraction"
000247626200001	X	"Analysis of the Raman Stokes peak position and its shift has been frequently used to estimate either temperature or stress in microelectronics and microelectromechanical system devices. However, if both fields are evolving simultaneously, the Stokes shift represents a convolution of these effects, making it difficult to measure either quantity accurately. By using the relative independence of the Stokes linewidth to applied stress, it is possible to deconvolve the signal into an estimation of both temperature and stress. Using this property, a method is presented whereby the temperature and stress were simultaneously measured in doped polysilicon microheaters. A data collection and analysis method was developed to reduce the uncertainty in the measured stresses resulting in an accuracy of +/- 40 MPa for an average applied stress of -325 MPa and temperature of 520 degrees C. Measurement results were compared to three-dimensional finite-element analysis of the microheaters and were shown to be in excellent agreement. This analysis shows that Raman spectroscopy has the potential to measure both evolving temperature and stress fields in devices using a single optical measurement. (c) 2007 American Institute of Physics.; Invited Article: Simultaneous mapping of temperature and stress in microdevices using micro-Raman spectroscopy"
000247705500171	X	"Based on the theory of superhydrophobicity for low surface energy coatings, we describe a superhydrophobic antistiction silica coating for MEMS devices. The process uses a novel sol-gel process sequence with a eutectic liquid as a templating agent. The eutectic liquid displays negligible vapor pressure and very low melting point (12 degrees C at ambient conditions) to reduce solvent loss during the high speed spincoating process. After a fluoroalkyl silane treatment, superhydrophobicity is achieved on the as-prepared silica thin film. The solvent can be extracted after the gelation and aging processes. Spin speed effect, eutectic liquid:TEOS ratio in the solution were systematically studied in order to optimize the surface roughness to ensure excellent superhydrophobicity[1]. Comparison of the silica thin films with silicon pillar surfaces showed that superhydrophobicity for the traditional sol-gel derived silica films demonstrated significant improvement, especially under humid conditions. The AFM force curve obtained with a tipless probe showed that the interaction force is greatly reduced on a rough silica;superhydrophobic surface. This result offers great potential to reduce stiction failures in MEMS devices.; Preparation of superhydrophobic silica thin films for antistiction of MEMS devices using a novel sol-gel process"
000247705500208	X	"Thin film layers are utilized in emerging microelectronics, optoelectronics, and MEMS devices. Typically these thin film layers are composed of different materials with dissimilar properties. A common mode of failure for thin films is delamination caused by external loading or intrinsic stress present in the materials. To characterize bonded thin film material systems, it is necessary to measure the interfacial fracture toughness. When material thicknesses approach micro and nano scales, interfacial fracture toughness measurement is a challenging task. Accordingly, innovative test techniques need to be developed to study interfacial fracture parameters. The ongoing research at Georgia Institute of Technology is developing fixtureless delamination test techniques that can be used to measure interfacial properties of nano- and micro-scale thin films. The Modified Decohesion Test (MDT) and the Single-Strip Decoliesion Test (SSDT) are such fixtureless tests under development. In these tests a thin film interface material of interest is deposited on a substrate and delamination is driven by a superlayer material with high intrinsic stress sputter-deposited on-top of the interface material. A deposited release layer material allows for the contact area between the interface material and the substrate to be controlled. These tests differ in geometry but share the same generic methodology and can be used for a number of material systems over a wide range of mode mixity. This paper presents the methodology and implementation of the MDT and SSDT tests and compares results to better understand their scope. A case study of the interfacial fracture toughness as a function of mode mixity for titanium and silicon interface was performed to determine which test should be used for low-k dielectric (Black Diamond(TM)) and tantalum. Lastly, ongoing research on low-k and tantalum interface is discussed.; Silicon, low-k dielectric, and nano-scale metal interface characterization using stress-engineered superlayer test methods"
000247947100015	X	"Graphene multilayers are grown epitaxially on single crystal silicon carbide. This system is composed of several graphene layers of which the first layer is electron doped due to the built-in electric field and the other layers are essentially undoped. Unlike graphite the charge carriers show Dirac particle properties (i.e. an anomalous Berry's phase, weak anti-localization and square root field dependence of the Landau level energies). Epitaxial graphene shows quasi-ballistic transport and long coherence lengths; properties that may persist above cryogenic temperatures. Paradoxically, in contrast to exfoliated graphene, the quantum Hall effect is not observed in high-mobility epitaxial graphene. It appears that the effect is suppressed due to the absence of localized states in the bulk of the material. Epitaxial graphene can be patterned using standard lithography methods and characterized using a wide array of techniques. These favorable features indicate that interconnected room temperature ballistic devices may be feasible for low-dissipation high-speed nanoelectronics. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Epitaxial graphene"
000247947100019	X	"The inter-Landau level transitions observed in far-infrared transmission experiments on few-layer graphene samples show a behaviour characteristic of the linear dispersion expected in graphene. This behaviour persists in relatively thick samples, and is qualitatively different from that of thin samples of bulk graphite. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Magnetospectroscopy of epitaxial few-layer graphene"
000247968600034	X	"A single sheet of carbon, graphene, exhibits unexpected electronic properties that arise from quantum state symmetries, which restrict the scattering of its charge carriers. Understanding the role of defects in the transport properties of graphene is central to realizing future electronics based on carbon. Scanning tunneling spectroscopy was used to measure quasiparticle interference patterns in epitaxial graphene grown on SiC( 0001). Energy-resolved maps of the local density of states reveal modulations on two different length scales, reflecting both intravalley and intervalley scattering. Although such scattering in graphene can be suppressed because of the symmetries of the Dirac quasiparticles, we show that, when its source is atomic-scale lattice defects, wave functions of different symmetries can mix.; Scattering and interference in epitaxial graphene"
000248054500008	X	"Development of in vitro models of native and injured vasculature is crucial for better understanding altered wound healing in disease, device implantation, or tissue engineering. Conditions were optimized using polyethyleneteraphalate transwell filters for human aortic endothelial cell (HAEC)/smooth muscle cell (HASMC) co-cultures with divergent HASMC phenotypes ('more or less secretory') while maintaining quiescent HAECs. Resulting HASMC phenotype was studied at 48 and 72 h following co-culture initiation, and compared to serum and growth factor starved monocultured 'forced contractile' HASMCs. Forced contractile HASMCs demonstrated organized alpha-smooth muscle actin filaments, minimal interleukin-8 (IL-8) and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1) secretion, and low intracellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), and tissue factor expression. Organization of alpha-smooth muscle actin was lost in 'more secretory' HASMCs in co-culture with HAECs, and IL-8 and MCP-1 secretion, as well as ICAM-1, VCAM-1, and tissue factor expression were significantly upregulated at both time points. Alternately, 'less secretory' HASMCs in co-culture with HAECs showed similar characteristics to forced contractile HASMCs at the 48 h time point, while by the 72 h time point they behaved similarly to 'more secretory' HASMCs. These co-culture systems could be useful in better understanding vascular healing, however there remain time constraint considerations for maintaining culture integrity/cell phenotype.; Complimentary endothelial cell/smooth muscle cell co-culture systems with alternate smooth muscle cell phenotypes"
000248189900008	X	"In this paper we discuss computational complexity and risk averse approaches to two and multistage stochastic programming problems. We argue that two stage (say linear) stochastic programming problems can be solved with a reasonable accuracy by Monte Carlo sampling techniques while there are indications that complexity of multistage programs grows fast with increase of the number of stages. We discuss an extension of coherent risk measures to a multistage setting and, in particular, dynamic programming equations for such problems.; Stochastic programming approach to optimization under uncertainty"
000248296900018	X	"Design of microelectromechanical systems (NMMS) requires an understanding of the material characteristics inherent to the specific processing technologies. In this study, several design-critical characteristics of a silicon-on-insulator (SOI) MEMS fabrication technology (SOIMUMPs) have been examined and compared to a surface micromachined MEMS fabrication technology (polyMUMPs), both produced by MEMSCAP, Inc. Diagnostic structures were utilized to evaluate material characteristics including: minimum achievable feature size, deviation of feature size from nominal design dimensions, through-thickness residual strain gradient, in-plane residual strain, resistivity, surface roughness, and fracture strength. In general, most of the measured characteristics were similar for SOIMUMPs and polyMUMPs, in spite of their very different fundamental process constraints. For example, the characteristic fracture strength was 1.97 and 1.43 GPa, with associated Weibull moduli of 8.9 and 14.0, respectively. These values are similar given the very different sources of silicon: mechanically thinned single crystal silicon wafers versus low-pressure chemical vapor deposition for polycrystalline films. Fractography suggests that fracture strength for the both technologies is controlled by surface topography features: individual sidewall etching defects drive SOIMUMPs failures whereas top-surface grain boundary crevices drive polyMUMPs failures. Discussion focuses on the ramifications of the process-controlled material characteristics in SOIMUMPS and polyMUMPs to the design of MEMS components. (c) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Characteristics of a commercially available silicon-on-insulator MEMS material"
000248389300017	X	"In this paper, the design, implementation and characterization of a continuous time transimpedance-based ASIC for the actuation and sensing of a high-Q MEMS tuning fork gyroscope (TFG) is presented. A T-network transimpedance amplifier (TIA) is used as the front-end for low-noise, sub-atto-Farad capacitive detection. The T-network TIA provides on-chip transimpedance gains of up to 25 M Omega, has a measured capacitive resolution of 0.02 aF/root Hz at 15 kHz, a wide dynamic range of 104 dB in a bandwidth of 10 Hz and consumes 400 mu W of power. The CMOS interface ASIC uses this TIA as the front-end to sustain electromechanical oscillations in a MEMS TFG with motional impedance greater than 10 M Omega. The TFG interfaced with the ASIC yields a two-chip angular rate sensor with measured rate noise floor of 2.7 degrees/hr/root Hz, bias instability of 1 degrees/hr and rate sensitivity of 2 mV/degrees/s. The IC is fabricated in a 0.6-mu m standard CMOS process with an area of 2.25 mm(2) and consumes 15 mW.; A 104-dB dynamic range transimpedance-based CMOS ASIC for tuning fork microgyroscopes"
000248390600026	X	"This paper presents high-performance high-frequency single-crystal silicon (SCS) capacitive resonators. Long and thick bulk-micromachined resonating block structures, which are referred to as ""silicon bulk acoustic wave resonator"" (SiBAR), are fabricated using the high-aspect-ratio poly and single crystalline silicon"" (HARPSS) fabrication process on silicon-on-insulator (SOI) substrates. Such resonators operate in their horizontal width extensional modes with quality factors in the range of 10 000-100 000. With their comparatively large electrode area and deep-submicrometer capacitive transduction gaps, such resonators have demonstrated comparatively low impedances for capacitive resonators that are well within the desired range for high-frequency electronic applications. Sub-kilo-Ohm total electrical resistances and extracted motional resistance as low as 200 Omega are demonstrated for the fundamental width extensional modes of SiBARs in the very-high-frequency range. Resonant frequencies up to 1.55 GHz are demonstrated for the higher resonance modes of the capacitive SiBARs with comparatively low impedances. Part I of this paper presents the basic operation concepts and fabrication methodology for the HARPSS-on-SOI SiBARs. Extensive resonator measurement data, including temperature characteristics, are presented in Part II of this paper, and different frequency tuning approaches for temperature compensation of such resonators are discussed and investigated.; Low-impedance VHF and UHF capacitive silicon bulk acoustic wave resonators - Part I: Concept and fabrication"
000248390600027	X	"In this part of the paper, extensive measurement results on the resonance, frequency tuning, and temperature characteristics of the silicon bulk acoustic-wave resonators (SiBARs) that were described in Part I will be presented and justified.; Low-impedance VHF and UHF capacitive silicon bulk acoustic-wave resonators - Part II: Measurement and characterization"
000248540000008	X	"We present a scanning-tunneling microscopy (STM) study of a gently graphitized 6H-SiC(0001) surface in ultrahigh vacuum. From an analysis of atomic scale images, we identify two different kinds of terraces, which we attribute to mono- and bilayer graphene capping a C-rich interface. At low temperature, both terraces show (root 3x root 3) quantum interferences generated by static impurities. Such interferences are a fingerprint of pi-like states close to the Fermi level. We conclude that the metallic states of the first graphene layer are almost unperturbed by the underlying interface, in agreement with recent photoemission experiments.; Electron states of mono- and bilayer graphene on SiC probed by scanning-tunneling microscopy"
000248621300011	X	"This paper builds on previous work in which a feature selection method based on Genetic Programming (GP) was applied to a database containing a very large set of features that were extracted from the speech of clinically depressed patients and control subjects, with the goal of finding a small set of highly discriminating features. Here, we report improved results that were obtained by applying a technique that constructs clusters of correlated features and a Genetic Algorithm (CA) search that seeks to find the set of clusters that maximizes classification accuracy. While the final feature sets are considerably larger than those previously obtained using the GP approach, the classification performance is much improved in terms of both sensitivity and specificity. The introduction of a modified fitness function that slightly favors smaller feature sets resulted in further reduction of the feature set size without any loss in classification performance.; Application of a GA/Bayesian filter-wrapper feature selection method to classification of clinical depression from speech data"
000248737000001	X	"In the preparation of bioengineered reparative strategies,for damaged or diseased tissues, the processes of biontaterial degradation and neotissue synthesis combine to affect the developing mechanical state of multiphase, composite engineered tissues. Here, cell-polymer constructs for engineered cartilage have been fabricated by seeding chondrocytes within three-dimensional scaffolds of biodegradable polymers. During culture, synthetic scaffolds degraded passively as the cells assembled an extracellular matrix (ECM) composed primarily of glycosaminoglycan and collagen. Biochemical and biomechanical assessment of the composite (cells, ECM, and polymer scaffold) were modeled at a unit-cell level to mathematically solve stress-strain relationships and thus construct elastic properties (n=4 samples per seven time points). This approach employed a composite spheres, micromechanical analysis to determine bulk moduli of: (1) the cellular-ECM inclusion within the supporting scaffold structure; and (2) the cellular inclusion within its ECM. Results indicate a dependence of constituent volume fractions with culture time (p < 0.05). Overall mean bulk moduli were variably influenced by culture, as noted for the cell-ECM inclusion (Kc-m=29.7 kPa, p=0.1439), the cellular inclusion(K-c=5.5 kPa, p=0.0067), and its surrounding ECM (K=373.9 kPa, p=0.0748), as well as the overall engineered construct (K=165.0 kPa, p=0.6999). This analytical technique provides a framework to describe the time-dependent contribution of cells, accumulating ECM, and a degrading scaffold affecting bioengineered construct mechanical properties.; A mechanical composite spheres analysis of engineered cartilage dynamics"
000248742200013	X	"In this paper, we review the progress toward developing strategies to engineer improved structural grafting of bone. Three strategies are typically used to augment massive bone defect repair. The first is to engraft mesenchymal stem cells ( MSCs) onto a graft or a biosynthetic matrix to provide a viable osteoinductive scaffold material for segmental defect repair. The second strategy is to introduce critical factor( s), for example, bone morphogenetic proteins ( BMPs), in the form of bone- derived or recombinant proteins onto the graft or matrix directly. The third strategy uses targeted delivery of therapeutic genes ( using viral and nonviral vectors) that either transduce host cells in vivo or stably transduce cells in vitro for subsequent implantation in vivo. We developed a murine femoral model in which allografts can be revitalized via recombinant adeno- associated virus ( rAAV) gene transfer. Specifically, allografts coated with rAAV expressing either the constitutively active BMP type I receptor Alk2 ( caAlk2), or the angiogenic factor vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF) combined with the osteoclastogenic factor receptor activator of NF- kappa B ligand ( RANKL) have remarkable osteogenic, angiogenic, and remodeling effects that have not been previously documented in healing allografts. Using histomorphometric and micro computed tomography ( mu CT) imaging we show that rAAV- mediated delivery of caAlk2 induces significant osteoinduction manifested by a mineralized callus on the surface of the allograft, which resembles the healing response of an autograft. We also demonstrate that the rAAV- mediated gene transfer of the combination of VEGF and RANKL can induce significant vascularization and remodeling of processed structural allografts. By contrast, rAAV- LacZ coated allograft controls appeared similar to necrotic allografts and lacked significant mineralized callus, neovascularization, and remodeling. Therefore, innovations in gene delivery offer promising therapeutic approaches for tissue engineering of structural bone substitutes that can potentially have clinical applications in challenging indications.; Recent advances in gene delivery for structural bone allografts"
000248742200019	X	"Cell- based bone tissue engineering strategies have been effectively applied toward the development of grafting templates for skeletal repair and regeneration, but remain limited by inadequate availability of a robust mineralizing cell source. Dermal fibroblasts have emerged as a particularly promising cell alternative because they are harvested from autologous donors through minimally invasive skin biopsy and display a high capacity for in vitro expansion. In the present study, we investigated retroviral gene delivery of the osteogenic transcription factor Runx2 as a mineralization induction strategy in primary dermal fibroblasts. We demonstrate that constitutive overexpression of Runx2 induced osteogenic gene expression and mineralized nodule deposition in fibroblasts cultured on 3- dimensional fibrous collagen disks in vitro. Fourier transform infrared analysis revealed that Runx2 expressing fibroblasts deposit a carbonate-containing, poorly crystalline hydroxyapatite, whereas control constructs did not contain biologically-equivalent mineral. Importantly, Runx2- transduced fibroblasts formed mineralized templates in vivo after implantation in a subcutaneous, heterotopic site, whereas minimal mineralization was evident in control constructs. Furthermore, immunohistochemical analysis indicated that Runx2- engineered cells co-localized with mineral deposits in vivo, suggesting that nodule formation primarily originated from transplanted donor cells. These results establish Runx2- genetic engineering as a strategy for the conversion of a non- osteogenic cellular phenotype into a mineralizing cell source for bone repair applications. Cellular therapies based on primary dermal fibroblasts would be particularly beneficial for patients with compromised ability to recruit endogenous osteoprogenitors to the site of injury as a result of extreme trauma, age, radiation treatment, or osteolytic disease.; Dermal fibroblasts genetically modified to express Runx2/Cbfa1 as a mineralizing cell source for bone tissue engineering"
000248803200002	X	"Software testing takes a considerable amount of time and resources spent on producing software. Therefore, it would be useful to, have ways to reduce the cost of software testing. The new concepts of spanning sets of entities suggested by Marre and Bertolino are useful for reducing the cost of testing. In fact, to reduce the testing effort, the generation of test data can be targeted to cover the entities in the spanning set, rather than all the entities in the tested program. Marre and Bertolino presented an algorithm based on the subsumption relation between entities to find spanning sets for a family of control flow and data flow-based test coverage criteria. This paper presents a new general technique for the automatic test data generation for spanning sets coverage. The proposed technique applies to the algorithm proposed recently by Marre and Bertolino to automatically generate the spanning sets of program entities that satisfy a wide range of control flow and data flow-based test coverage criteria. Then, it uses a genetic algorithm to automatically generate sets of test data to cover these spanning sets. The proposed technique employed the concepts of spanning sets to limit the number of test cases, guide the test case selection, overcome the problem of the redundant test cases and automate the test path generation.; Automatic software test data generation for spanning sets coverage using genetic algorithms"
000248813500025	X	"An improved method to determine material volumes from microcomputed tomography (micro-CT) data is presented. In particular, the method can account for materials with significantly overlapping peaks and small volumes. The example case is a hydroxyapatite scaffold cultured with osteo-progenitor cells. The histogram obtained from the micro-CT data is decomposed into a Gaussian attenuation distribution for each material in the sample, including scaffold, pore and surface tissue, and background. This is done by creating a training set of attenuation data to find initial parameters and then using a nonlinear curve fit, which produced R-2 values greater than 0.998. To determine the material volumes, the curves that simulated each material are integrated, allowing small volume fractions to be accurately quantified. Thresholds for visualizing the samples are chosen based on volume fractions of the Gaussian curves. Additionally, the use of dual-material regions helps accurately visualize tissue on the scaffold, which is otherwise difficult because of the large volume fraction of scaffold. Finally, the curve integration method is compared with Bayesian estimation and intersection thresholding methods. The pore tissue is not represented at all by the Bayesian estimation, and the intersection thresholding method is less accurate than the curve integration method. (c) 2007 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Micro-CT based quantification of non-mineralized tissue on cultured hydroxyapatite scaffolds"
000248828500005	X	"In many resource-constrained project scheduling problems (RCPSP), the set of candidate projects is not fixed a priori but evolves with time. For example, while performing an initial set of projects according to a certain decision policy, a new promising project can emerge. To make an appropriate resource allocation decision for such a problem, project cancellation and resource idling decisions should complement the conventional scheduling decisions. In this study, the problem of stochastic RCPSP (sRCPSP) with dynamic project arrivals is addressed with the added flexibility of project cancellation and resource idling. To solve the problem, a Q-Learning-based approach is adopted. To use the approach, the problem is formulated as a Markov Decision Process with appropriate definitions of states, including information state and action variables. The Q-Learning approach enables us to derive an empirical state transition rules from simulation data so that analytical calculations of potentially exorbitantly complicated state transition rules can be circumvented. To maximize the advantage of using the empirically learned state transition rules, special type of actions including project cancellation and resource idling, which are difficult to incorporate into heuristics, were randomly added in the simulation. The random actions are filtered during the Q-Value iteration and properly utilized in the online decision making to maximize the total expected reward. Copyright (C) 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.; A Q-Learning-based method applied to stochastic resource constrained project scheduling with new project arrivals"
000249124500036	X	"Based on the theory of superhydrophobicity for low surface energy coatings, we describe a superhydrophobic antistiction silica coating for MEMS devices. The process uses a novel sol-gel process sequence with a eutectic liquid as a templating agent. The eutectic liquid displays negligible vapor pressure and very low melting point (12 degrees C at ambient conditions) to reduce solvent loss during the high speed spincoating process. After a fluoroalkyl silane treatment, superhydrophobicity is achieved on the as-prepared silica thin film. The solvent can be extracted after the gelation and aging processes. Spin speed effect, eutectic liquid:TEOS ratio in the solution were studied in order to optimize the surface roughness to ensure excellent super-hydrophobicity[1]. Comparison of the silica thin films with silicon pillar surfaces showed that superhydrophobicity for the traditional sol-gel derived silica films demonstrated significant improvement, especially under humid conditions. The AFM force curve obtained with a tipless probe showed that the interaction force is greatly reduced on a rough silica superhydrophobic surface. This result offers great potential to reduce stiction failures in MEMS devices.; Superhydrophobic silica thin films prepare by sol-gel process for antistiction of MEMS devices"
000249197500024	X	"Cell replacement therapy has become an attractive solution for myocardial repair. Typical cell delivery techniques, however, suffer from poor cell engraftment and inhomogeneous cell distributions. Therefore, we assessed the hypothesis that an epicardially applied, tissue-engineered cardiac patch containing progenitor cells would result in enhanced exogenous cell engraftment. Human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) were embedded into a rat tail type I collagen matrix to form the cardiac patch. Myocardial infarction was induced by left anterior descending coronary artery ligation in immunocompetent male cesarean-derived fischer rats, and patches with or without cells were secured to hearts with fibrin sealant. After patch formation, hMSCs retained a viability of >90% over 5 days in culture. In addition, >75% of hMSCs maintained a high degree of potency prior to patch implantation. After 4 days in culture, patches were applied to the epicardial surface of the infarct area and resulted in 23%+/-4% engraftment of hMSCs at 1 week (n = 6). Patch application resulted in a reduction in left ventricle interior diameter at systole, increased anterior wall thickness, and a 30% increase in fractional shortening. Despite this improvement in myocardial remodeling, hMSCs were not detectable at 4 weeks after patch application, implying that improvement did not require long-term cell engraftment. Patches devoid of progenitor cells showed no improvement in remodeling. In conclusion, pluripotent hMSCs can be efficiently delivered to a site of myocardial injury using an epicardial cardiac patch, and such delivery results in improved myocardial remodeling after infarction.; A tissue engineering approach to progenitor cell delivery results in significant cell engraftment and improved myocardial remodeling"
000249205100016	X	"Transfection experiments have played a prominent role in functional genomics, being used to probe phenotypes with reporters and knockouts with techniques like RNAi, gene over-expression studies, and the creation of transgenic animals. Rotifers are not amenable to many classic genetic manipulations, hence have not been a model system in the genomics revolution. However, no one has explored whether rotifers are susceptible to gene expression knock-out via transfection, and with the establishment of the rotifer transcriptome sequencing project, an increasing amount of sequence data is available to define target genes for manipulation. As a first step towards transfection of rotifers, we describe our attempt to transfect double-stranded, fluorescently-labeled siRNA into resting eggs, hatched rotifers and amictic eggs with varying levels of success. Transfection was successful when hatched rotifers (rather than resting eggs or amictic eggs) were directly treated, and possibly successful when treated as resting eggs. Highest levels of transfection (as determined by significant fluorescence of the siRNA in the pseudocoelom) were observed in fed rotifers that were 2 h old at the time of treatment, which involved combining lipofection and electroporation methods of transfection. Successful transfection of siRNA into these animals now provides a possible mechanism for the exploration of rotifer gene function.; Transfection of siRNA into Brachionus plicatilis (Rotifera)"
000249222400009	X	"Portable fuel cells are an enabling technology for high efficiency and ultra-high density distributed power generation, which is essential for many terrestrial and aerospace applications. A key element of fuel cell power sources is the fuel processor, which should have the capability to efficiently reform liquid fuels and produce high purity hydrogen that is consumed by the fuel cells. To this end, we are reporting on the development of two novel MEMS hydrogen generators with improved functionality achieved through an innovative process organization and system integration approach that exploits the advantages of transport and catalysis on the micro/nano scale. One fuel processor design utilizes transient, reverse-flow operation of an autothermal MEMS microreactor with an intimately integrated, micromachined ultrasonic fuel atomizer and a Pd/Ag membrane for in situ hydrogen separation from the product stream. The other design features a simpler, more compact planar structure with the atomized fuel ejected directly onto the catalyst layer, which is coupled to an integrated hydrogen selective membrane.; An integrated MEMS infrastructure for fuel processing: hydrogen generation and separation for portable power generation"
000249222400029	X	"A micromachined scanning grating interferometer ( mu SGI) is presented for use in measuring the out- of- plane vibration of microelectromechanical systems ( MEMS). The mu SGI uses a phase sensitive deformable diffraction grating to achieve interferometric axial resolution and a microfabricated lens to improve lateral resolution of the measurement. The grating is intended to be actuated to control diffraction patterns while measuring the MEMS vibration to increase measurement sensitivity. The deformable grating and the microlens are fabricated by surface micromachining techniques on separate wafers which are then precisely aligned and assembled. The fabricated deformable grating shows an actuation range of 0.54 mu m and an operating voltage of under 31 V. An assembled grating and lens chip are successfully integrated with a silicon photodiode in less than 2 cm(3). The integrated mu SGI has been demonstrated by measuring 4.4 nm, 900 kHz vibration of a MEMS device while actuating the deformable grating in the measurement.; A micromachined scanning grating interferometer for the out-of-plane vibration measurement of MEMS"
000249261800013	X	"This paper presents a simulation-based approach for designing a non-linear override control scheme to improve the performance of a local linear controller. The higher-level non-linear controller monitors the dynamic state of the system and calculates an override control action whenever the system is predicted to move outside an acceptable operating regime under the local controller. The design of the non-linear override controller is based on a cost-to-go function, which is constructed by using simulation or operation data. The cost-to-go function delineates the admissible region of state space within which the local controller is effective, thereby yielding a switching rule.; Simulation-based design of dual-mode controller for non-linear processes"
000249309600005	X	"Nano-reliability measures the ability of a nano-scaled product to perform its intended functionality. At the nano scale, the physical, chemical, and biological properties of materials differ in fundamental, valuable ways from the properties of individual atoms, molecules, or bulk matter. Conventional reliability theories need to be restudied to be applied to nano-engineering. Research on nano-reliability is extremely important due to the fact that nano-structure components account for a high proportion of costs, and serve critical roles in newly designed products. This review introduces the concepts of reliability to nano-technology; and presents the current work on identifying various physical failure mechanisms of nano-structured materials, and devices during fabrication process, and operation. Modeling techniques of degradation, reliability functions, and failure rates of nano-systems are also reviewed in this work.; A review of reliability research on nanotechnology"
000249337000004	X	"The clinical challenges of skeletal regenerative medicine have motivated significant advances in cellular and tissue engineering in recent years. In particular, advances in molecular biology have provided the tools necessary for the design of gene-based strategies for skeletal tissue repair. Consequently, genetic engineering has emerged as a promising method to address the need for sustained and robust cellular differentiation and extracellular matrix production. As a result, gene therapy has been established as a conventional approach to enhance cellular activities for skeletal tissue repair. Recent literature clearly demonstrates that genetic engineering is a principal factor in constructing effective methods for tissue engineering approaches to bone, cartilage, and connective tissue regeneration. This review highlights this literature, including advances in the development of efficacious gene carriers, novel cell sources, successful delivery strategies, and optimal target genes. The current status of the field and the challenges impeding the clinical realization of these approaches are also discussed.; Genetic engineering for skeletal regenerative medicine"
000249440000006	X	"The introduction of a double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) into an organism to induce sequence-specific RNA interference (RNAi) of a target transcript has become a powerful technique to investigate gene function in nematodes and many organisms. Data provided here indicate that the inclusion of 1-2 mM spermidine and 50 mM octopamine and a 24 hr incubation period of nematodes in double-standard RNA (dsRNA) soaking solutions resulted in a considerable increase in the percentage of nematodes that ingested dsRNA as compared to previous reports. This modified dsRNA soaking method was coupled with quantitative real-time RT-PCR (qRT-PCR) analyses to assess the potential silencing of the Heterodera glycines parasitism gene transcripts Hg pel-I and Hg-4E02 that are expressed within the esophageal gland cells of preparasitic H. glycines J2. The Hg-pel-I transcript was most efficiently silenced with one dsRNA construct (ds267) at the highest dsRNA soaking concentration of 5.0 mg/ml, while the Hg-4E02 transcript was more efficiently silenced at the 2.5 mg/ml dsRNA concentration as compared to 5.0 mg/ml. A dsRNA construct (ds285) complementary to a different sequence within the Hg-pel-I transcript than construct ds267 induced only minimal silencing of the Hg-pel-I transcript at 2.5 mg/ml. The results suggest that both dsRNA concentration and sequence relative to the transcript targeted are critical for maximizing potential RNAi effects in parasitic nematodes.; Quantitative detection of double-stranded RNA-mediated gene silencing of parasitism genes in Heterodera glycines"
000249508500052	X	"Objective: To classify patients by age based upon information extracted from their electrocardiograms (ECGs). To develop and compare the performance of Bayesian classifiers. Methods and material: We present a methodology for classifying patients according to statistical features extracted from their ECG signals using a genetically evolved Bayesian network classifier. Continuous signal feature variables are converted to a discrete symbolic form by thresholding, to lower the dimensionality of the signal. This simplifies calculation of conditional probability tables for the classifier, and makes the tables smaller. Two methods of network discovery from data were developed and compared: the first using a greedy hill-climb search and the second employed evolutionary computing using a genetic algorithm (GA). Results and conclusions: The evolved Bayesian network performed better (86.25% AUC) than both the one developed using the greedy algorithm (65% AUC) and the naive Bayesian classifier (84.75% AUC). The methodology for evolving the Bayesian classifier can be used to evolve Bayesian networks in general thereby identifying the dependencies among the variables of interest. Those dependencies are assumed to be non-existent by naive Bayesian classifiers. Such a classifier can then be used for medical applications for diagnosis and prediction purposes. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Evolving a Bayesian classifier for ECG-based age classification in medical applications"
000249603700124	X	"This paper reports a laser-assisted fabrication scheme for three-dimensional (3-D) electrodeposited metal structures into high aspect ratio trenches. A polymer (parylene C) is conformally deposited onto a highly nonplanar surface, selectively laser ablated, and used as an electroplating mold to fabricate metallic structures. Laser ablation of high-resolution (< 10 mu m) features is performed using a 248nm KrF Excimer laser, The ablation parameters for the parylene layer have been characterized for various film thicknesses. Metal lines of 2 mu m thickness, and 2.5 mu m width have been electroplated into 300 mu m deep silicon trenches. The minimum resolution achieved is less than 5 mu m. This process can potentially be applied toward the fabrication of embedded inductors, high density electrodes, buried interconnects or high voltage circuitry in CMOS and MEMS devices.; Electrodeposited metal structures in high aspect ratio cavities using vapor deposited polymer molds and laser micromachining"
000249603700220	X	"This paper reports the design, fabrication and experimental characterization of ultraminiaturized, axial-flux, permanent-magnet (PM) generators intended for milliwatt range systems. The miniaturization of PM machines is attractive because scaling laws are favorable, but integration of ultra-small permanent magnets is challenging. The generators are 2-pole, multi-turn, 2-mm diameter machines. A single-phase, open-circuit voltage of 51mV(rms) has been measured at 392krpm, which approximately corresponds to 3.6mW of DC power to a load resistance at the point of maximum power transfer, indicating that this approach shows great promises for milliwatt-scale power devices.; Ultraminiaturized milliwatt-scale permanent magnet generators"
000249603700433	X	"Nonlinear effects in resonating structures have been exploited to achieve high sensing performance. The nominal platform consists of a disc type resonant magnetic sensor, comprising a permanent magnet supported by multiple micromachined silicon beams. Nonlinearity effects on sensitivity have been characterized as a function of beam width and the number of beams using analytical models as well as numerical analysis. By increasing the number of beams while reducing beam width (and thereby maintaining constant nominal linear resonant frequency), large nonlinearity has been obtained, resulting in increased change in operating resonant frequency per unit applied magnetic field. To verify the result experimentally, magnetic sensors with differing beam dimensions are microfabricated and tested. As expected, a structure with 6 beams and a beam width of 13.1 mu m shows a higher normalized sensitivity of 0.196 [mHz/Hz(.)degree] than One with 4 beams and a beam width of 14.6 pm of 0.086 [mHz/Hi(.)degree] in detection of the direction of the magnetic field of the earth.; Exploitation of nonlinear effects for enhancement of the sensing performance of resonant sensors"
000249668000064	X	A strong substrate-graphite bond is found in the first all-carbon layer by density functional theory calculations and x-ray diffraction for few graphene layers grown epitaxially on SiC. This first layer is devoid of graphene electronic properties and acts as a buffer layer. The graphene nature of the film is recovered by the second carbon layer grown on both the (0001) and (000 (1) over bar) 4H-SiC surfaces. We also present evidence of a charge transfer that depends on the interface geometry. Hence the graphene is doped and a gap opens at the Dirac point after three Bernal stacked carbon layers are formed.; Electronic structure of epitaxial graphene layers on SiC: Effect of the substrate
000249702500011	X	"In this study, we propose an inverse solution algorithm through which both the aquifer parameters and the zone structure of these parameters can be determined based on a given set of observations on piezometric heads. In the zone structure identification problem, kernel-based fuzzy c-means (KFCM) clustering method is used. The association of the zone structure with the transmissivity distribution is accomplished through a coupled simulation-optimization model. In the optimization model, genetic algorithm (GA) is used due to its efficiency in finding global or near global optimum solutions. Since the solution is based on the GA procedures, the optimization process starts with a randomly generated initial solution. Thus, there is no need to define an initial estimate of the solution. This is an advantage when compared to other studies reported in the literature. Further, the objective function used in the optimization model does not include a reference to field transmissivity data, which is another advantage of the proposed methodology. Numerical examples are provided to demonstrate the performance of the proposed algorithm. In the first example, transmissivity values and zone structures are determined for a known number of zones in the solution domain. In the second example, optimum number of zones as well as the transmissivity values and the zone structures are determined iteratively. A sensitivity analysis is also performed to test the performance of the proposed solution algorithm based on the number of observation data necessary to solve the problem accuratety. Numerical results indicate that the proposed algorithm is effective and efficient and may be used in the inverse parameter estimation problems when both parameter values and zone structure are unknown. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Aquifer parameter and zone structure estimation using kernel-based fuzzy c-means clustering and genetic algorithm"
000249787000051	X	"We experimentally demonstrate the III-V nitrides as a high-performance photovoltaic material with open-circuit voltages up to 2.4 V and internal quantum efficiencies as high as 60%. GaN and high-band gap InGaN solar cells are designed by modifying PC1D software, grown by standard commercial metal-organic chemical vapor deposition, fabricated into devices of variable sizes and contact configurations, and characterized for material quality and performance. The material is primarily characterized by x-ray diffraction and photoluminescence to understand the implications of crystalline imperfections on photovoltaic performance. Two major challenges facing the III-V nitride photovoltaic technology are phase separation within the material and high-contact resistances.; Design and characterization of GaN/InGaN solar cells"
000249866700025	X	"Graphene has shown great application potential as the host material for next-generation electronic devices. However, despite its intriguing properties, one of the biggest hurdles for graphene to be useful as an electronic material is the lack of an energy gap in its electronic spectra. This, for example, prevents the use of graphene in making transistors. Although several proposals have been made to open a gap in graphene's electronic spectra, they all require complex engineering of the graphene layer. Here, we show that when graphene is epitaxially grown on SiC substrate, a gap of approximate to 0.26 eV is produced. This gap decreases as the sample thickness increases and eventually approaches zero when the number of layers exceeds four. We propose that the origin of this gap is the breaking of sublattice symmetry owing to the graphene-substrate interaction. We believe that our results highlight a promising direction for bandgap engineering of graphene.; Substrate-induced bandgap opening in epitaxial graphene"
000250068400022	X	"Devices and systems that use RF microelectro-mechanical systems (RF MEMS) switching elements typically use one switch topology. The switch is designed to meet all of the performance criteria. However, this can be limiting for highly dynamic applications that require a great deal of reconfigurability. In this paper, three sets of RF MEMS switches with different actuation voltages are used to sequentially activate and deactivate parts of a multiband Sierpinski fractal antenna. The implementation of such a concept allows for direct actuation of the electrostatic MEMS switches through the RF signal feed, therefore eliminating the need for individual switch dc bias lines. This reconfigurable antenna was fabricated on liquid crystal polymer substrate and operates at several different frequencies between 2.4 and 18 GHz while maintaining its radiation characteristics. It is the first integrated RF MEMS reconfigurable antenna on a flexible organic polymer substrate for multiband antenna applications. Simulation and measurement results are presented in this paper to validate the proposed concept.; RF MEMS sequentially reconfigurable Sierpinski antenna on a flexible organic substrate with novel DC-biasing technique"
000250188600002	X	"Inorganic poly P (polyphosphate) is an abundant component of acidocalcisomes of Trypanosoma brucei. In the present study we report the presence of a protein homologous with the yeast Vtc1p (vacuolar transporter chaperone 1) in T brucei that is essential for poly P synthesis, acidocalcisome biogenesis and cytokinesis. Localization studies in a cell line expressing a TbVTC1 fused to GFP (green fluorescent protein) revealed its co-localization with the V-H+-PPase (vacuolar H+-pyrophosphatase), a marker for acidocalcisomes. Western blot analysis of acidocalcisome fractions and immunogold electron microscopy using polyclonal antibodies against a fragment of TbVTC1 confirmed the acidocalcisome localization. Ablation of TbVTC1 expression by RNA interference caused an abnormal morphology of acidocalcisomes, indicating that their biogenesis was disturbed, with a decreased pyrophosphate-driven H+ uptake and Ca2+ content, a significant decrease in the amount of poly P and a deficient response to hyposmotic stress. Ablation of TbVTC1 expression for longer periods produced marked gross morphological alterations compatible with a defect in cytokinesis, followed by cell death. Overexpression of the TbVTC1 gene caused mild alterations in growth rate, but had no perceptible effect on acidocalcisome morphology. We propose that the PPi-driven H+ pumping deficiency induced by ablation of TbVTC1 leads to alterations in the protonmotive force of acidocalcisomes, which results in deficient fusion or budding of the organelles, decreased H+ and Ca2+ content, and decreased synthesis of poly P. A decrease in the poly P content would lead to osmotic sensitivity and defects in cytokinesis.; Ablation of a small transmembrane protein of Trypanosoma brucei (TbVTC1) involved in the synthesis of polyphosphate alters acidocalcisome biogenesis and function, and leads to a cytokinesis defect"
000250426800048	X	"Based on the theory of superhydrophobicity for low surface energy coatings, we describe a superhydrophobic antistiction silica coating for MEMS devices. The process uses a novel sol-gel process sequence with a eutectic liquid as a templating agent. The eutectic liquid displays negligible vapor pressure and very low melting point (12 C at ambient conditions) to reduce solvent loss during the high speed spincoating process. After a fluoroalkyl silane treatment, superhydrophobicity is achieved on the as-prepared silica thin film. The solvent can be extracted after the gelation and aging processes. Spin speed effect, eutectic liquid:TEOS ratio in the solution were studied in order to optimize the surface roughness to ensure excellent super-hydrophobicity[1]. Comparison of the silica thin films with silicon pillar surfaces showed that superhydrophobicity for the traditional sol-gel derived silica films demonstrated significant improvement, especially under humid conditions. The AFM force curve obtained with a tipless probe showed that the interaction force is greatly reduced on a rough silica superhydrophobic surface. This result offers great potential to reduce stiction failures in MEMS devices.; Sol-gel process derived superhydrophobic silica thin films for antistiction of MEMS devices"
000250437600007	X	"Endothelial connexins have been linked to atherosclerosis and hypertension; however, little is know about their sensitivity to stimuli and individual functions. This study investigates the responses of endothelial connexin 37, connexin 40, and connexin 43 (Cx37, Cx40, and Cx43) to shear stress and substrate. Human endothelial cells were seeded on adsorbed collagen or a collagen gel containing smooth muscle cells and exposed to static or laminar shear stress. Connexin mRNA, protein, and gap junction communication were examined. Endothelial monolayers were treated with connexin-specific short interfering RNA (siRNA) and evaluated for communication, proliferation, and morphology under static and shear stress. Results show differential responses of Cx37, Cx40, and Cx43 to substrate and shear stress with reduced communication after shear exposure. RNA interference of individual connexins resulted in expression change of nontarget connexins, which suggests linked expression. Gap junction communication under static conditions is reduced following Cx43 siRNA treatment. Endothelial cells are more elongated with RNA interference (RNAi) targeting Cx40. In conclusion, endothelial connexins demonstrated novel sensitivity to mechanical environment and substrate. Individual isotypes show differential responses and RNAi knockdown provides new insight into connexin function and potential roles in the vasculature.; Endothelial connexin 37, connexin 40, and connexin 43 respond uniquely to substrate and shear stress"
000250663100010	X	"A series of meetings in the last 6 months has afforded an extraordinary opportunity to assess the progress that has been made in the development of cell-based therapeutic approaches and the issues that still need to be addressed. Even though real progress has been made, it has become clear that the key to success will come from a better understanding of the basic biology so as to be able to deliver the right biological signals at the right place and at the right time. Beyond the basic biology, there are some other key issues. These include the selection of cell source, the development of ""smart"", instructive biomaterials that can be used to deliver the biological signals, and the development of bioreactors for the expansion of cells and the growth of tissues, ones that can be scaled up for clinical studies. Tissue engineering and regenerative medicine, though still very much in a fledgling state, continues to offer the promise to address clinical needs where today there are no treatment options available. To do this, however, will require a better understanding of the biology and the development of key technologies. Long-term clinical therapies and treatments must move beyond the replacement of tissues and organs to the harnessing of the intrinsic repair and regenerative potential of the human body. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Cell-based therapies: From basic biology to replacement, repair, and regeneration"
000250827405052	X	"This work demonstrates a low cost localized heating packaging method on liquid crystal polymer (LCP) for temperature sensitive devices such as the capacitive RF MEMS switch. Simulations of the heating element structures are performed to examine the thermal characteristics of the bonded regions and switch. Heating tines are fabricated on LCP using the copper cladding, requiring only one photolithography and etch step. The MEMS cavity is formed with two 1 mil layers of low-temp LCP that are etched with a CO(2) laser system. The layers are bonded with localized-heating by passing 7 A of DC current through the heating element while compressing the 4 layers together. The bonded switch is submerged in 60 degrees C water for 24 hours to test seal quality. Before and after measurements are shown, providing evidence of a successful bond.; Low cost method for localized packaging of temperature sensitive capacitive RF MEMS switches in liquid crystal polymer"
000250964700014	X	"We report on the photovoltaic properties of organic solar cells based on pentacene and C(60) thin films with a focus on their spectral responses and the effect of thermal annealing. Spectra of external quantum efficiency (EQE) are measured and analyzed with a one-dimensional exciton diffusion model dependent upon the complex optical functions of pentacene films, which are measured by spectroscopic ellipsometry. An improvement in EQE is observed when the thickness of the bathocuproine (BCP) layer is decreased from 12 nm to 6 nm. Detailed analysis of the EQE spectra indicates that large exciton diffusion lengths in the pentacene films are responsible for the overall high EQE values near wavelengths of 668 nm. Analysis also shows that improvement in the EQE of devices with the thinner BCP layer can be attributed to a net gain in optical field distribution and improvernent in carrier collection efficiency. An improvement in open-circuit voltage (V(OC)) is also achieved through a thermal annealing process, leading to a net increase in power conversion efficiency. Integration of the EQE spectrum with an AM 1.5 G spectrum yields a predicted power conversion efficiency of 1.8 +/- 0.2%. The increase in V(OC) is attributed to a significant reduction in the diode reverse saturation current upon annealing. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Analysis of improved photovoltaic properties of pentacene/C(60) organic solar cells: Effects of exciton blocking layer thickness and thermal annealing"
000251267700020	X	"Poly(glycerol sebacate) (PGS) is a biodegradable and biocompatible elastomer specifically developed for soft tissue engineering. Vascular cells adhered to an elastomer may exhibit more physiological behavior because the substrate's mechanical properties more closely match those of the tissue. To investigate the feasibility of using PGS as a scaffold material for vascular tissue engineering, the authors examined the adhesion, proliferation, and phenotypic and morphologic properties of primary baboon endothelial progenitor cells (BaEPCs) and baboon smooth muscle cells (BaSMCs) cultured on PGS films and scaffolds. Tissue culture-treated polystyrene plates were used as controls. Phase contrast microscopy indicated that both types of cells showed normal morphology on PGS films. Immuofluorescent staining revealed that von Willebrand factor and alpha-smooth muscle actin were expressed by BaEPCs and BaSMCs, respectively. Both types of cells proliferated well on PGS surfaces. When cultured in PGS scaffolds, BaSMCs were distributed throughout the scaffolds and synthesized extracellular matrix, as indicated by histological evaluations. The distribution of the BaSMCs in the constructs was confirmed by scanning electron microscopy. Immunofluorescent staining of cocultured constructs indicated that the BaSMC-seeded constructs provided suitable surfaces for BaEPC adhesion, and both types of cells maintained their specific phenotypes. These results suggest that PGS is an appropriate scaffold material for blood vessel tissue engineering. (c) 2007 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Poly(glycerol sebacate) supports the proliferation and phenotypic protein expression of primary baboon vascular cells"
000251412701028	X	"Electric propulsion has recently become a viable option for robotic missions, enabling shorter flight times, fewer required planetary gravity assists, smaller launch vehicles, and/or larger payloads. Trajectory design of these missions often relies on local optimization of the low-thrust trajectories using starting points for departure and arrival dates and selection of gravitational swing-bys based on previous experience. Global optimization of a low-thrust trajectory with multiple targets and gravity assists, however, is a difficult problem, due to the multi-modality and large size of the design space. In choosing analysis techniques, there exists an important tradeoff between the accuracy of the results and computing time required. This paper presents the difficulty of solving this global optimization problem, using the design of a multiple asteroid tour mission as an example. Furthermore, this paper presents an overview of the methods available for both low-thrust trajectory optimization and global optimization, along with recent improvements made, and assesses their efficacy and applicability to solving a multiple target/multiple gravity assist problem.; Survey of global optimization methods for low-thrust, multiple asteroid tour missions"
000251525800021	X	"Pathogens often suppress the melanization response of host insects, but the underlying molecular mechanisms are largely unknown. Here we report that Microplitis demolitor bracovirus (MdBV) carried by the wasp M. demolitor produces a protein, Egf1.0, which inhibits the phenoloxidase (PO) cascade. Egf1.0 belongs to a larger gene family that shares a cysteine-rich motif with similarities to the trypsin inhibitor-like (TIL) domains of small serine proteinase inhibitors (smapins). Gain-of-function and RNAi experiments indicated that the Egf genes are the only MdBV-encoded factors responsible for disabling the insect melanization response. Known smapins bind target proteinases in a substrate-like fashion and are cleaved at a single reactive site bond. The P1-P1' position for Egf1.0 has the sequence Arg-Phe, which suggested that its target proteinase is a prophenoloxidase-activating proteinase (PAP). Wild-type Egf1.0 inhibited PAP-3 from Manduca sexta, whereas Egf1.0(R51A), whose reactive-site arginine was replaced with an alanine, had no PAP-3 inhibitory activity. Other experiments using wild-type and mutant constructs indicated that Egf1.0 blocks activation of the PO cascade via PAP inhibition. Overall, our results identify a novel inhibitor of the PO cascade and indicate that suppression of the host melanization response is functionally important for both the virus and its associated wasp.; A novel polydnavirus protein inhibits the insect prophenoloxidase activation pathway"
000251788400001	X	Advancing tissue engineering and regenerative medicine
000251906800062	X	"This paper reports the etching of high aspect ratio (>30), vertical through-vias having an opening dimension as small as 10 mu m, by a simple, three-step deep reactive ion etching (RIE) technique. Effects of individual etching parameter on the etching profile were demonstrated and then these parameters were optimized to achieve vertical and smooth sidewalls. Effect of platen power on controlling the perpendicularity of through-vias was found to be more dominant than other etching parameters. These optimized etching parameters were used to create through-vias; however, it was found that the etching profile remained vertical up to a certain depth and started tapering after that. To maintain this vertical etching profile at higher etch rate, higher plasma energy was required, which was provided by increasing the platen power in three steps. Three different platen powers (i.e., 12, 14, and 16 W) were used for different etching durations. A 200 nm aluminum layer was used as an antinotching layer to prevent the lateral etching of vias at the bonding interface and enhanced the vertical etched profile even in the case of over etching. The scanning electron microscope showed that the etching profile was completely vertical even at an etching depth as large as 510 mu m. High aspect ratio interconnects were fabricated by the void-free copper electrodeposition, which will be utilized in the three-dimensional (3D) microelectromechnical systems (MEMS) packaging applications. (c) 2007 The Electrochemical Society.; High aspect ratio vertical through-vias for 3D MEMS packaging applications by optimized three-step deep RIE"
000251986500101	X	Graphene grown epitaxially on SiC has been proposed as a material for carbon-based electronics. Understanding the interface between graphene and the SiC substrate will be important for future applications. We report the ability to image the interface structure beneath single-layer graphene using scanning tunneling microscopy. Such imaging is possible because the graphene appears transparent at energies of +/- 1 eV above or below the Fermi energy (E(F)). Our analysis of calculations based on density-functional theory shows how this transparency arises from the electronic structure of a graphene layer on a SiC substrate.; Imaging the interface of epitaxial graphene with silicon carbide via scanning tunneling microscopy
000251988900007	X	"We present a far infrared investigation of the optical transitions in epitaxial graphene subjected to a perpendicular magnetic field. Cyclotron-resonance-like transitions between adjacent electron Landau levels axe observed, as well as interband transitions. The results axe discussed in terms of existing theoretical models of Dirac fermions in graphene, and the relevant optical selection rules.; Magneto-spectroscopy of epitaxial graphene"
000252012800017	X	"This paper investigates the fatigue behavior of n(+)-type 2-mu m-thick polycrystalline silicon films that exhibit an initially thin (similar to 2-3 nm) native oxide layer. The testing of kilohertz-frequency resonators provided accurate stress-life fatigue data at 30 degrees C and 50% relative humidity (RH) in the low (< 10(6)) and high (up to 10(11)) cycle regimes. Long fatigue life specimens were associated with larger decreases in the natural frequency of the resonator and very smooth failure origins (at the notch) that encompassed several grains. Additional testing at various humidity levels highlighted the critical influence of humidity on the fatigue damage accumulation rate, which was measured via changes in the natural frequency. Finally, Auger electron spectroscopy (AES) characterized the formation of a nanometer-scale oxygen-rich reaction layer during cyclic loading. Although AES revealed a thin 2-3-nm initial oxide layer on a control specimen, measurements on a long-life fatigued specimen revealed an increased oxygen concentration over the first 10 nm of the material at the notch root. These findings demonstrate that the reaction-layer fatigue mechanism for silicon structural films operates even when reaction layers are initially very thin.; Notch root oxide formation during fatigue of polycrystalline silicon structural films"
000252282700048	X	"Shear stress plays a significant role in endothelial cell biology and atherosclerosis development. Previous work by our group has shown that fluid flow stimulates important functional changes in cells through protein expression regulation. Peroxiredoxins (PRX) are a family of antioxidant enzymes but have yet to be investigated in response to shear stress. Studies have shown that oscillatory shear stress (OS) increases reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels in endothelial cells, whereas laminar shear stress (LS) blocks this response. We hypothesized that PRX are responsible for the anti-oxidative effect of LS. To test this hypothesis, bovine aortic endothelial cells (BAEC) were subjected to LS (15 dyn/cm(2)), OS (+/- 5 dyn/cm(2), 1 Hz), or static conditions for 24 h. Using Western blot and immunofluorescence staining, all six isoforms of PRX were identified in BAEC. When compared with OS and static, exposure to chronic LS up-regulated PRX 1 levels intracellularly. LS also increased expression of PRX 5 relative to static controls, but not OS. PRX exhibited broad subcellular localization, with distribution in the cytoplasm, Golgi, mitochondria, and intermediate filaments. In addition, PRX 1 knock down, using specific small interference RNA, attenuated LS-dependent reactive oxygen species reduction in BAEC. However, PRX 5 depletion did not. Together, these results suggest that PRX 1 is a novel mechanosensitive antioxidant, playing an important role in shear-dependent regulation of endothelial biology and atherosclerosis.; Laminar shear stress up-regulates peroxiredoxins (PRX) in endothelial cells"
000252284200052	X	"The results of micro-Raman scattering measurements performed on three different ""graphitic"" materials: microstructured disks of highly oriented pyrolytic graphite, graphene multilayers thermally decomposed from carbon-terminated surface of 4H-SiC and an exfoliated graphene monolayer are presented. Despite its multilayer character, most parts of the surface of the graphitized SiC substrates shows a single component, Lorentzian shape, double resonance Raman feature in striking similarity to the case of a single graphene monolayer. Our observation suggests a very weak electronic coupling between graphitic layers on the SiC surface, which therefore can be considered to be graphene multilayers with a simple (Dirac-like) band structure. (c) 2008 American institute of Physics.; Few-layer graphene on SiC, pyrolitic graphite, and graphene: A Raman scattering study"
000252337200014	X	"For the first time, a fully integrated phased array antenna with radio frequency microelectromechanical systems (RF MEMS) switches on a flexible, organic substrate is demonstrated above 10 GHz. A low noise amplifier (LNA), MEMS phase shifter, and 2 x 2 patch antenna array are integrated into a system-on-package (SOP) on a liquid crystal polymer substrate. Two antenna arrays are compared; one implemented using a single-layer SOP and the second with a multilayer SOP. Both implementations are low-loss and capable of 12 degrees of beam steering. The design frequency is 14 GHz and the measured return loss is greater than 12 dB for both implementations. The use of an LNA allows for a much higher radiated power level. These antennas can be customized to meet almost any size, frequency, and performance needed. This research furthers the state-of-the-art for organic SOP devices.; Reconfigurable RF MEMS phased array antenna integrated within a liquid crystal polymer (LCP) system-on-package"
000252386200007	X	"Genetic algorithms (GAs) are probabilistic optimization methods based on the biological principle of natural evolution. One of the important operators in GAs is the selection strategy for obtaining better solutions. Specifically, finding a balance between the selection pressure and diversity is a critical issue in designing an efficient selection strategy. To this extent, the recently proposed real world tournament selection (RWTS) method has showed good performance in various benchmark problems. In this paper, we focus on analyzing characteristics of RWTS from the viewpoint of both the selection probabilities and stochastic sampling properties in order to provide a rational explanation for why RWTS provides improved performance. Statistical experimental results show that RWTS has a higher selection pressure with a relatively small loss of diversity and higher sampling accuracy than conventional tournament selection. The performance tests in a traveling salesman problem further confirm that the comparatively higher pressure and sampling accuracy, which are inherent in RWTS, can enhance the performance in the selection strategy.; Statistical properties analysis of real world tournament selection in genetic algorithms"
000252580400053	X	"Nanostructure processing was applied to derive a novel hydroxyapatite-titania bioceramic with ultrafine structure and significantly improved mechanical properties for orthopedic and dental implant applications. Despite its attractive bioactivity, hydroxyapatite (HAp) has been limited in applications due to the poor processability and mechanical strength of the conventional material. To improve the load-sharing and stress distribution we have introduced in situ nanostructured high-strength HAp-TiO2 obtained by microwave-assisted co-precipitation. The nanostructured HAp-TiO2 nanocomposite demonstrated excellent chemical and structural uniformity. This novel inorganic-inorganic hybrid ceramic holds a great promise for bone tissue engineering. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; An in situ approach to prepare nanorods of titania-hydroxyapatite (TiO2-HAp) nanocomposite by microwave hydrothermal technique"
000252587700001	X	"The innate immune system of insects is divided into humoral defenses that include the production of soluble effector molecules and cellular defenses like phagocytosis and encapsulation that are mediated by hemocytes. This review summarizes current understanding of the cellular immune response. Insects produce several terminally differentiated types of hemocytes that are distinguished by morphology, molecular and antigenic markers, and function. The differentiated hemocytes that circulate in larval or nymphal stage insects arise from two sources: progenitor cells produced during embryogenesis and mesodermally derived hematopoietic organs. Regulation of hematopoiesis and hemocyte differentiation also involves several different signaling pathways. Phagocytosis and encapsulation require that hemocytes first recognize a given target as foreign followed by activation of downstream signaling and effector responses. A number of humoral and cellular receptors have been identified that recognize different microbes and multicellular parasites. In turn, activation of these receptors stimulates a number of signaling pathways that regulate different hemocyte functions. Recent studies also identify hemocytes as important sources of a number of humoral effector molecules required for killing different foreign invaders.; The insect cellular immune response"
000252738800005	X	"This paper presents an automatic test-data generation technique that uses a genetic algorithm (GA) to generate test data that satisfy data-flow coverage criteria. The technique applies the concepts of dominance relations between nodes to define a new multi-objective fitness function to evaluate the generated test data. The paper also presents the results of a set of empirical studies conducted on a set of programs that evaluate the effectiveness of our technique compared to the random-testing technique. The studies show the effective of our technique in achieving coverage of the test requirements, and in reducing the size of test suites, the search time, and the number of iterations required to satisfy the data-flow criteria.; Using genetic algorithms to aid test-data generation for data-flow coverage"
000252908500007	X	"We discuss in this paper asymptotics of the sample average approximation (SAA) of the optimal value of a minimax stochastic programming problem. The main tool of our analysis is a specific version of the infinite dimensional delta method. As an example, we discuss asymptotics of SAA of risk averse stochastic programs involving the absolute semideviation risk measure. Finally, we briefly discuss exponential rates of convergence of the optimal value of SAA problems. (c) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Asymptotics of minimax stochastic programs"
000252958200081	X	"Cellular automata (CA) have long been capable of producing life-like behavior such as complexity, communication and self-replication using simple rules. Despite these properties, CA and other discrete simulations have failed to achieve real-world utility in cancer research or developmental biology, largely because they do not conform to a rules model which is understandable by clinicians and biologists. We present a method to generate CA with a desired phenotypic behavior within a biologically-based family of rule sets modeling simple gene regulation in a cell cycle signaling pathway. Designing CA within this biological context ensures the interpretability of any emergent results, thus opening the door for applications in biomedicine such as tumor growth and angiogenesis. Rule sets are encoded in intuitive genome structures, which are co-evolved using a Genetic Algorithm (GA) with a fitness function chosen to reward Wolfram's Type IV behavior. Results show the ability to generate interpretable type IV behavior in just a few hours on a desktop PC. This work is expected to have many applications including systems biology and cancer research.; Evolving biological behavior in gene-based cellular simulations"
000253126600008	X	"Genetic algorithms (GAs) have been shown to be an efficient tool for the solution of unconstrained optimization problems. In their standard form, GA formulations are ""blind"" to the constraints of an optimization model when the model involves these constraints. Thus, in GA applications alternative procedures are used to satisfy the constraints of the optimization model. In this study, the method that is utilized in the Complex Algorithm to solve constrained optimization problems is abstracted to develop a repairing procedure for GAs. The proposed procedure, which handles infeasible solutions that may be generated in a standard GA process, is embedded into the conventional GA to yield an improved GA process (IGA) for the solution of optimization problems with equality and inequality constrains. Two numerical examples are included to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed method for the solution of constrained optimization applications. Finally the IGA is successfully used to develop an optimal groundwater management plan for the Savannah, Ga. region.; Genetic algorithm for constrained optimization models and its application in groundwater resources management"
000253182100014	X	"Methods for scalable output voltage and encapsulation of organic photovoltaic cells are addressed in this paper. To obtain scalable output voltages, integrated photovoltaic modules comprised of a bulk heterojunction of poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT) and a soluble C-70 derivative, [6,6]-phenyl C-71 butyric acid methyl ester (PCBM-70), were fabricated. Power conversion efficiency of individual P3HT/PCBM-70 cells was estimated to be 4.1% for AM1.5 G illumination. Modules of one to four cells connected in series produced open-circuit voltages V-OC that linearly depend on the number of cells N as V-OC = N x 0.621 V with a nearly constant short-circuit current of 1.4 +/- 0.1 mA. Separately, shelf lifetimes of more than one year were achieved for pentacene/C-60 solar cells by encapsulation with a 200-nm-thick layer of Al2O3 deposited by atomic layer deposition (ALD). In addition, the ALD process improved the open-circuit voltage and power conversion efficiency of the solar cells by thermal annealing that occurs during the process.; Integrated organic photovoltaic modules - art. no. 66560R"
000253259600009	X	"This paper presents a new implementation of integrated tunable inductors using mutual inductances activated by micromechanical switches. To achieve a large tuning range and a high quality factor, silver was used as the structural material, and silicon was selectively removed from the backside of the substrate. Using this method, a maximum tuning of 47% at 6 GHz is achieved for a 1.1 nH silver inductor fabricated on a low-loss polymer membrane. The effect of the quality factor on the tuning characteristic of the inductor is investigated by comparing the measured result of identical inductors fabricated on various substrates. To maintain the quality factor of the silver inductor, the device was encapsulated using a low-cost wafer-level polymer packaging technique.; MEMS switched tunable inductors"
000253277300011	X	"This study tested the hypothesis that controlled flow through microchannels can cause shear-induced intracellular loading of cells with molecules. The overall goal was to design a simple device to expose cells to fluid shear stress and thereby increase plasma membrane permeability. DU145 prostate cancer cells were exposed to fluid shear stress in the presence of fluorescent cell-impermeant molecules by using a cone-and-plate shearing device or high-velocity flow through microchannels. Using a syringe pump, cell suspensions were flowed through microchannels of 50-300 mu m diameter drilled through Mylar (R) sheets using an excimer laser. As quantified by flow cytometry, intracellular uptake and loss of viability correlated with the average shear stress. Optimal results were observed when exposing the cells to high shear stress for short durations in conical channels, which yielded uptake to over one-third of cells while maintaining viability at approximately 80%. This method was capable of loading cells with molecules including calcein (0.62 kDa), large molecule weight dextrans (150-2,000 kDa), and bovine serum albumin (66 kDa). These results supported the hypothesis that shear-induced intracellular uptake could be generated by flow of cell suspensions through microchannels and further led to the design of a simple, inexpensive, and effective device to deliver molecules into cells. Such a device could benefit biological research and the biotechnology industry.; Shear-induced intracellular loading of cells with molecules by controlled microfluidics"
000253355900006	X	"The role of adipokinetic hormones (AKHs) in the regulation of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism and flight performance was evaluated for females of the African malaria mosquito, Anopheles gambiae. Injection of various dosages of synthetic Anoga-AKH-I increased carbohydrate levels in the haemolymph and reduced glycogen reserves in sugar-fed females but did not affect lipid levels. Anoga-AKH-I enhanced the flight performance of both intact and decapitated sugar-fed females, during a 4 It flight period. AnogaAKH-II had no effect on carbohydrate or lipid levels or flight performance, thus its function remains unknown. Targeted RNA-interference lowered Anoga-AKH receptor expression in sugar-fed females, consequently injections of Anoga-AKH-I failed to mobilize glycogen reserves. Taken together, these results show that a primary role for the neurohormone, Anoga-AKH-I, is to elevate trehalose levels in the haemolymph of female mosquitoes. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Regulation of carbohydrate metabolism and flight performance by a hypertrehalosaemic hormone in the mosquito Anopheles gambiae"
000253356900028	X	"This paper reports the design, fabrication, and measurement results of a compact, multi-fimctional package for air-driven, rotary, electromagnetic MEMS generators. The fully integrated device includes a polymer-based fluidic housing, its associated turbine supported by a small, off-the-shelf, high-speed ball bearing, and a permanent-magnet (PM) generator with electroplated copper windings. The fluidic-electric package has an overall volume of approximately 1.1cm(3), and weighs 1.5g. It withstands pressures up to 85kPa, can support rotational speeds up to 203,000 rpm, and generates an electrical output power of 0.8mW, indicating that this packaged machine is applicable to small, low-power systems.; A microfluidic-electric package for power MEMS generators"
000253356900055	X	"The sensing of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) using a MEMS resonator with an in-plane vibrational mode is reported. VOCs are detected in both the gas and liquid phases by a polymer-coated disk microresonator, which is operated as the frequency determining element in an amplifying feedback loop. The functionalized disk microresonators exhibit a short term frequency stability of 1.1 x 10(-7) in air and 3.4 x 10(-6) in water. Using polymer membranes as chemically sensitive layers, different concentrations of o-xylene, benzene, octane, trichloroethane, and toluene have been detected in the gas phase, with the limit of detection for o-xylene being 2.2 ppm. M-xylene has been detected in the liquid phase with a limit of detection of 1.9 ppm.; Gas and liquid phase sensing of volatile organics with disk microresonator"
000253356900131	X	"We report a piezoelectrically-driven and hydraulically-amplified axial polymer microvalve. The microvalve is normally open, and is fabricated and assembled primarily with stereolithographically fabricated polymer components. An incompressible elastomer is used as a solid hydraulic medium to convert the small axial displacement of a piezoelectric actuator into a large valve head stroke while maintaining a large blocking force. Also, the axial design of the microvalve enables densely-packed valve arrays. One application of this microvalve is in pneumatic tactile displays, some of which require operation against gas pressures up to approximately 90kPa and switching speeds between 1-200Hz. The current valve design has a maximum static hydraulic amplification ratio of 5 at 30V driving voltage and a maximum valve head stroke of 37 mu m at 150V. Under a 94.4kPa differential pressure, the flow rate of the valve and the closing voltage measure 785mL/min and 150V, respectively. In addition, the function of the microvalve as an on-off switch for a pneumatic microbubble tactile actuator is demonstrated.; A piezoelectrically-driven high flow rate axial polymer microvalve with solid hydraulic amplification"
000253402501088	X	"A conceptual design of a MIMO Phased antenna array on Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) is introduced. Because of the properties of the substrate, the overall design is comparably light weight and semi-flexible to previous MIMO designs. Each input output unit array is capable of steering the beam +/- 6 degrees in a 1-D space. This beam steer is enabled with the use of a 2-bit reconfigurable phase shifter using RF MEMS. The building blocks of a single input and output has been simulated to prove the concept. In addition, the array can be expanded to beam steer in a 2-D space for each individual unit. Overall, the entire system Will be capable of having the beam steering function in multiple directions.; Light weight MIMO phased arrays with beam steering capabilities using RF MEMS"
000253402502274	X	"In this paper, a design of an ultra-wideband reconfigurable RF-MEMS antenna with multi-functional transition is shown. By the analysis of equivalent circuit model, it is validated that the multi-functional transition in the proposed antenna operates as both a wideband transition of a tapered slot antenna (TSA) and a wideband slot antenna. Therefore, the proposed antenna can provide ultra-wideband reconfigurable characteristics with both broadside and endfire directions.; Hardwired design of ultra-wideband reconfigurable MEMS antenna"
000253505800001	X	"This paper identifies absorbers for multiple transition solar cells that are implemented with nanostructured heterojunctions [e.g., quantum well solar cells with quasi-Fermi-level variations and quantum dot (QD) intermediate-band solar cells]. In the radiative limit, the solar cells implemented with these absorbers are capable of achieving a conversion efficiency >= 50% with a geometric solar concentration of at least 1000 X. The technical approach enumerates a set of quantitative design rules and applies the rules to the technologically important III-V semiconductors and their ternary alloys. A novel design rule mandates a negligible valence band discontinuity between the barrier material and confined materials. Another key design rule stipulates that the substrate have a lattice constant in between that of the barrier material and that of the quantum-confined material, which permits strain compensation. Strain compensation, in turn, allows a large number of QD layers to be incorporated into the solar cell because each layer is free of defects. Four candidate materials systems (confined/barrier/substrate) are identified: InP(0.85)Sb(0.15)/GaAs/InP, InAs(0.40)P(0.60)/GaAs/InP, InAs/GaAs(0.88)Sb(0.12)/InP, and InP/GaAs(0.70)P(0.30)/GaAs. Resulting from the design features, the candidate systems may also find use in other optoelectronic applications.; Nanostructured absorbers for multiple transition solar cells"
000253741400001	X	"Microcantilevers, one of the most common MEMS structures, have been introduced as a novel sensing paradigm nearly a decade ago. Ever since, the technology has emerged to find important applications in chemical, biological and physical sensing areas. Today the technology stands at the verge of providing the next generation of sophisticated sensors (such as artificial nose, artificial tongue) with extremely high sensitivity and miniature size. The article provides an overview of the modes of detection, theory behind the transduction mechanisms, materials employed as active layers, and some of the important applications. Emphasizing the material design aspects, the review underscores the most important findings, current trends, key challenges and future directions of the microcantilever based sensor technology.; Bimaterial microcantilevers as a hybrid sensing platform"
000253764300065	X	"A power conversion efficiency of 3.4% with an open-circuit voltage of 1 V was recently demonstrated in a thin film solar cell utilizing fullerene C(60) as acceptor and a new acceptor-substituted oligothiophene with an optical gap of 1.77 eV as donor [K. Schulze , Adv. Mater. (Weinheim, Ger.) 18, 2872 (2006)]. This prompted us to systematically study the energy- and electron transfer processes at the oligothiophene:fullerene heterojunction for a homologous series of these oligothiophenes. Cyclic voltammetry and ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy data show that the heterojunction is modified due to tuning of the highest occupied molecular orbital energy for different oligothiophene chain lengths, while the lowest unoccupied molecular orbital energy remains essentially fixed due to the presence of electron-withdrawing end groups (dicyanovinyl) attached to the oligothiophene. Use of photoinduced absorption (PA) allows the study of the electron transfer process at the heterojunction to C(60). Quantum-chemical calculations performed at the density functional theory and/or time-dependent density functional theory level and cation absorption spectra of diluted DCVnT provide an unambiguous identification of the transitions observed in the PA spectra. Upon increasing the effective energy gap of the donor-acceptor pair by increasing the ionization energy of the donor, photoinduced electron transfer is eventually replaced with energy transfer, which alters the photovoltaic operation conditions. The optimum open-circuit voltage of a solar cell is thus a trade-off between efficient charge separation at the interface and maximized effective gap. It appears that the open-circuit voltages of 1.0-1.1 V in our solar cell devices have reached an optimum since higher voltages result in a loss in charge separation efficiency.; Optimizing organic photovoltaics using tailored heterojunctions: A photoinduced absorption study of oligothiophenes with low band gaps"
000253764400060	X	"We have investigated the absorption spectrum of multilayer graphene in high magnetic fields. The low-energy part of the spectrum of electrons in graphene is well described by the relativistic Dirac equation with a linear dispersion relation. However, at higher energies (> 500 meV) a deviation from the ideal behavior of Dirac particles is observed. At an energy of 1.25 eV, the deviation from linearity is similar or equal to 40 meV. This result is in good agreement with the theoretical model, which includes trigonal warping of the Fermi surface and higher-order band corrections. Polarization-resolved measurements show no observable electron-hole asymmetry.; High-energy limit of massless Dirac Fermions in multilayer graphene using magneto-optical transmission spectroscopy"
000253925800014	X	"Using a panel of amphotropic murine leukemia virus packaging cell lines that differed only in their levels of envelope protein (gp70) expression, we examined the relationship between transduction and the number of envelope proteins per virus. We generated virus stocks that contained different levels of virus-associated envelope proteins, purified them from gp70 that was not associated with the viruses, quantified their titers, and measured the efficiency with which they transduced NIH 3T3, TE671, and HeLa cells. As expected, titers increased monotonically with viral envelope protein number. Titers are measured using highly dilute virus, however, and are often not predictive of gene transfer when high doses of virus are used, as is done in gene therapy protocols. Interestingly, when we used high doses of virus, we observed significantly different trends: gene transfer increased, reached a maximum, and then declined sharply as the number of envelope proteins per virus increased. The highest levels of gene transfer occurred when cells were transduced with a moderate dose of virus that contained low levels of envelope protein. Our results indicate that transduction is inhibited when viruses that contain large numbers of envelope proteins are used. This is most likely because each virus, when it binds to a cell, delivers a large payload of envelope proteins that occupy or inactivate multiple virus receptors, reducing or eliminating the susceptibility of the cell to being transduced by additional viruses. The implications of our findings for the design of improved retroviral vectors for human gene therapy are discussed.; Amphotropic retrovirus transduction is inhibited by high doses of particle-associated envelope proteins"
000254151600015	X	Two types of rotary gate microvalves are developed for flow modulation in microfluidic systems. These microvalves have been tested for an open flow rate of up to 100 sccm and operate under a differential pressure of 6 psig with flow modulation of up to 100. The microvalve consists of a suspended gate that rotates in the plane of the chip to regulate flow through the orifice. The gate is suspended by a novel fully compliant in-plane rotary bistable micromechanism (IPRBM) that advantageously constrains the gate in all degrees of freedom except for in-plane rotational motion. Multiple inlet/outlet orifices provide flexibility of operating the microvalve in three different flow configurations. The rotary gate microvalve is switched with an external electromagnetic actuator. The suspended gate is made of a soft magnetic material and its electromagnetic actuation is based on the operating principle of a variable-reluctance stepper motor.; A bistable electromagnetically actuated rotary gate microvalve
000254151800007	X	"An array of micro scanning grating interferometers (mu SGIs) with tunable gratings is designed, fabricated and successfully tested for simultaneous static and dynamic displacement measurements. Each mu SGI has capabilities of an optical scanning interferometer and in addition, miniaturization has made array operation feasible. All of the mu SGIs in an array can actively tune the distances between the gratings and the corresponding samples, simultaneously and independent of the other gratings, to maintain a bias position in a fringe for high displacement measurement sensitivity. The mu SGIs are fabricated on silicon-on-insulator (SOI) wafers and the gratings are moved by electrostatic actuation. The fabricated tunable gratings exhibit the first resonance mode at 50 kHz and a small damping ratio of similar to 0.05. The gratings show a sufficient (similar to 500 nm) displacement range for tuning to a high sensitivity position, achieved with a 30 V operating voltage range. Simulation results obtained from the finite element model of the mu SGI are in agreement with the experimental results. A control algorithm is implemented in real time in a field-programmable gate array (FPGA) to track the surface and to actively reduce the vibration noise. The use of the FPGA enables parallel and independent control and also operation of two mu SGIs. Experimental results show that approximately 40 dB vibration noise reduction is obtained at 100 Hz with the current setup.; SOI-based micro scanning grating interferometers: device characterization, control and demonstration of parallel operation"
000254151800020	X	"This paper explores the technological capabilities as well as theoretical limitations of electroplating bonding technology (EBT). EBT is of particular interest for the fabrication of complex three-dimensional electrical components (e. g. inductors, high frequency antennae, etc) as well as high aspect ratio mechanical structures with exotic geometrical features. Two separate substrates, each containing identical arrays of 150 mu m tall copper microstructures, are aligned and then joined together using electrodeposition of copper under forced convection conditions to form 300 mu m long structures that mechanically and electrically link the two substrates. Theoretical and experimental approaches are used to develop this bonding system. Mass transfer calculations of diffusion and convection are performed to predict optimal fabrication conditions. To demonstrate the ability to predict optimal plating conditions, a test coupon mimicking a chip-scaled interconnect system with 256 chip interconnects is designed, fabricated and characterized. The mechanical and electrical connectivity are verified by formation of daisy-chained test beds. The electrical testing of the bonded system shows an excellent conductivity of 0.097 Ohm/test row. Thermal-cycling-accelerated aging tests are performed over a temperature range from -55 to + 125 degrees C. Electroplating bonded structures show excellent mechanical stability as well as electrical performance.; Inter-substrate microstructure formation by electroplating bonding technology"
000254273200111	X	"A Micro Scanning Grating Interferometer (mu SGI) with tunable grating is designed, fabricated and tested for static and dynamic distance measurements, and characterization of microscale dynamic devices. It has the same advantages of optical scanning interferometers plus miniaturization makes array operation with noise reduction feasible. mu SGI can actively tune distances between the sample and grating to maintain a high sensitivity position in a fringe. A DFT-based algorithm is implemented real-time in FPGA to detect harmonic distortion and control noise actively. Experimental results show sufficient range of motion and bandwidth sufficient for reduction of vibration noise below 1 kHz.; Scanning Micro Interferometer with tunable grating"
000254281801163	X	"This work reports on the implementation of VHF MEMS bandpass filters by capacitive coupling of Silicon Bulk Acoustic wave Resonators (SIBAR) fabricated using the HARPSS-on-SOI fabrication process. Such resonators operate In their horizontal width extensional modes with quality factors (Q) in the range of 10,000 similar to 100,000. With the comparatively large electrode area and deep submicron capacitive transduction gaps these resonators have also exhibited relatively low Impedances. Compared with existing technologies such as quartz crystals, SAW filters, capacitively-coupled SiBARs have demonstrated the smallest form factor high-Q filters In the VHF range that can be integrated with silicon electronics on a common substrate. Filters with center frequencies up to 150MHz are demonstrated by coupling of two SiBAR resonators in their fundamental width-extensional modes. Tuning of the filter bandwidth by varying the DC polarization voltages on the resonators is investigated.; Capacitively coupled VHF silicon bulk acoustic wave filters"
000254473800044	X	"We show experimentally that multilayer graphene grown on the carbon terminated SiC(000 (1) over bar) surface contains rotational stacking faults related to the epitaxial condition at the graphene-SiC interface. Via first-principles calculation, we demonstrate that such faults produce an electronic structure indistinguishable from an isolated single graphene sheet in the vicinity of the Dirac point. This explains prior experimental results that showed single-layer electronic properties, even for epitaxial graphene films tens of layers thick.; Why multilayer graphene on 4H-SiC(000(1)over-bar) behaves like a single sheet of graphene"
000254515301023	X	"This paper describes an experimental investigation on the infrared radiative properties of heavily-doped silicon (Si) at room temperature. Lightly-doped Si wafers were ion implanted with boron and phosphorus atoms to doping concentrations of 1x10(20) and 1x10(21) cm(-3). Rapid thermal annealing was performed to activate the implanted dopants. A Fourier-transform infrared spectrometer was employed to measure the normal transmittance as well as reflectance of the samples in the,spectral region from 2 to 20 gm. Accurate carrier mobility and ionization models were identified after carefully reviewing the available literature, and then incorporated into Drude model to predict the dielectric function of doped Si. The radiative properties of doped Si samples were calculated by treating the doped region as multilayer thin films of different doping concentrations on a thick Si substrate. The measured spectral transmittance and reflectance agree well with the model predictions. The results obtained from this study will facilitate the future applications of heavily-doped Si in semiconductor as well as MEMS devices.; Infrared radiative properties of heavily doped silicon at room temperature"
000254517100056	X	"The advances in information technology significantly impact the engineering design process. The primary objective of this research is to develop a novel probabilistic decision support tool to assist management of structural systems under risk and uncertainty by utilizing a stochastic optimization procedure and IT tools. The proposed mathematical and computational framework will overcome the drawbacks of the traditional methods and will be critically demonstrated through large-scale structural problems. The efficiency of the proposed procedure is achieved by the combination of the Karhunen-Loeve transform with the stochastic analysis of polynomial chaos expansion to common optimization procedures. The proposed technology, comprising new and adapted current capabilities, will provide robust and physically reasonable solutions for practical engineering problems.; Optimization of complex engineered systems under risk and uncertainty"
000254543000118	X	"The phonon dispersions of monolayer and few-layer graphene (AB bilayer, and ABA and ABC trilayers) are investigated using the density-functional perturbation theory. Compared with the monolayer, the optical phonon E(2g) mode at Gamma splits into two and three doubly degenerate branches for bilayer and trilayer graphene, respectively, due to the weak interlayer coupling. These modes are of various symmetries and exhibit different sensitivities to either Raman or infrared measurements (or both). The splitting is found to be 5 cm(-1) for bilayer and 2-5 cm(-1) for trilayer graphene. The interlayer coupling is estimated to be about 2 cm(-1). We found that the highest optical modes at K move up by about 12 cm(-1) for bilayer and 18 cm(-1) for trilayer relative to monolayer graphene. The atomic displacements of these optical eigenmodes are analyzed.; Phonon dispersions and vibrational properties of monolayer, bilayer, and trilayer graphene: Density-functional perturbation theory"
000254562400006	X	"Studies in invertebrate model organisms have been a driving force in aging research, leading to the identification of many genes that influence life span. Few of these genes have been examined in the context of mammalian aging, however, and it remains an open question as to whether and to what extent the pathways that modulate longevity are conserved across different eukaryotic species. Using a comparative functional genomics approach, we have performed the first quantitative analysis of the degree to which longevity genes are conserved between two highly divergent eukaryotic species, the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae and the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. Here, we report the replicative life span phenotypes for single-gene deletions of the yeast orthologs of worm aging genes. We find that 15% of these yeast deletions are long-lived. In contrast, only 3.4% of a random set of deletion mutants are long-lived-a statistically significant difference. These data suggest that genes that modulate aging have been conserved not only in sequence, but also in function, over a billion years of evolution. Among the longevity determining ortholog pairs, we note a substantial enrichment for genes involved in an evolutionarily conserved pathway linking nutrient sensing and protein translation. In addition, we have identified several conserved aging genes that may represent novel longevity pathways. Together, these findings indicate that the genetic component of life span determination is significantly conserved between divergent eukaryotic species, and suggest pathways that are likely to play a similar role in mammalian aging.; Quantitative evidence for conserved longevity pathways between divergent eukaryotic species"
000254563600015	X	"This paper reports on a thin-film wafer-level encapsulation technique for packaging and CMOS integration of MEMS sensors and actuators fabricated through the HARPSS process. This approach takes advantage of the stationary parts of the micromechanical device itself for encapsulation of its sensitive moving parts, and therefore can be performed without addition of extensive processing steps. Encapsulated high frequency capacitive silicon resonators are demonstrated using this technique. Reliability and performance tests conducted on the encapsulated resonators reveal a high level of hermeticity and reliability with minimal interference with device operation. This technique can be applied to a wide variety MEMS sensors and actuators. Silicon transducers encapsulated using this approach can run through the regular IC fabrication and/or packaging processes.; Wafer-level encapsulation and sealing of electrostatic HARPSS transducers"
000254563600109	X	"This paper presents a programmable UV light source array which can generate a patterned UV light for various applications. While all existing excimer lasers or UV light sources are based on a static compositional patterning, the UV light source array presented in this paper can be used to define arbitrary patterns in real-time. As a demonstration, UV light source arrays with 5x5 and 8x8 via holes, whose diameters range from 100 mu m to 400 mu m, were fabricated with a silicon wafer using MEMS micromachining techniques. The devices have been tested with voltage ranging from 200V to 1KV and pressure ranging 100mTorr to 200Torr which depend on the dimensions of the structures. Four quarters of the light sources were connected to different electrodes and illuminated each one at a time consecutively showing the patterning capability. Additionally, the number '1' and '2' patterns were generated with the UV light source array.; Addressable micromachined UV light sources for active patterning"
000254900300013	X	"This paper describes fabrication and fluidic characterization of 3D microperfusion systems that could extend the viability of high-density 3D cultures in vitro. High-aspect ratio towers serve as 3D scaffolds to support the cultures and contain injection sites for interstitial delivery of nutrients, drugs, and other reagents. Hollow and solid-top tower arrays with laser ablated side-ports were fabricated using SU-8. Appropriate sizing of fluidic ports improves the control of agent delivery. Microfluidic perfusion can be used to continuously deliver equal amount of nutrients through all ports, or more media can be delivered at some ports than the others, thus allowing spatial control of steady concentration gradients throughout the culture thickness. The induced 3D flow around towers was validated using micro particle image velocimetry. Based on experimental data, the flow rates from the characteristic ports were found to follow the analytical predictions.; MEMS-based fabrication and microfluidic analysis of three-dimensional perfusion systems"
000254914500019	X	"This protocol describes tissue engineering of synchronously contractile cardiac constructs by culturing cardiac cell populations on porous scaffolds (in some cases with an array of channels) and bioreactors with perfusion of culture medium (in some cases supplemented with an oxygen carrier). The overall approach is `biomimetic' in nature as it tends to provide in vivo-like oxygen supply to cultured cells and thereby overcome inherent limitations of diffusional transport in conventional culture systems. In order to mimic the capillary network, cells are cultured on channeled elastomer scaffolds that are perfused with culture medium that can contain oxygen carriers. The overall protocol takes 2-4 weeks, including assembly of the perfusion systems, preparation of scaffolds, cell seeding and cultivation, and on-line and end-point assessment methods. This model is well suited for a wide range of cardiac tissue engineering applications, including the use of human stem cells, and high-fidelity models for biological research.; Cardiac tissue engineering using perfusion bioreactor systems"
000254981300005	X	"This paper presents a methodology that utilizes soft computing approaches to enable locomotion of multiple legged robotic agents operating in natural terrain environments. For individual robotic control, the locomotion strategy consists of a hybrid FSM-GA approach that couples leg orientation states with a genetic algorithm to learn necessary leg movement sequences. To achieve multi-agent formations, locomotion behavior is driven by using a trained neural network to extract relevant distance metrics necessary to realize desired robotic formations while operating in the field. These distance metrics are then fed into local controllers for realizing linear and rotational velocity values for each robotic agent. Details of the methodology are discussed, and experimental results with a team of mobile robots are presented.; A learning approach to enable locomotion of multiple robotic agents operating in natural terrain environments"
000255014800018	X	"The next generation of high power neuroprosthetic devices such as retinal implants are going to be powered through transcutaneous inductive links formed between a pair of printed spiral coils (PSC) that are batch fabricated using micromachining technology (MEMS). Optimizing the power efficiency of the wireless link is imperative to minimize the size of the external energy source, electromagnetic heating of the tissue, and interference with other devices. In this paper, we outline the theoretical foundation of optimal power transmission in an inductive link and combine it with semi-empirical models to predict parasitic components in PSCs. Moreover, this foundation is utilized to devise an iterative PSC design methodology to find optimal PSC geometries. Finally, we have executed this procedure on two design examples at 1 and 5 MHz achieving power transmission efficiencies of 41.2% and 85.8%, respectively, at 10 mm spacing.; Design and optimization of printed spiral coils for efficient inductive power transmission"
000255184500003	X	"We recently proposed a specific model whereby miRNAs encoded from short nonautonomous DNA-type TEs known as MITEs evolved from corresponding ancestral full-length (autonomous) elements that originally encoded short interfering (siRNAs). Our miRNA-origins model predicts that evolutionary intermediates may exist as TEs that encode both siRNAs and miRNAs, and we analyzed Arabidopsis thaliana and Oryza sativa (rice) genomic sequence and expression data to test this prediction. We found a number of examples of individual plant TE insertions that encode both siRNAs and miRNAs. We show evidence that these dual coding TEs can be expressed as readthrough transcripts from the intronic regions of spliced RNA messages. These TE transcripts can fold to form the hairpin (stem-loop) structures characteristic of miRNA genes along with longer double-stranded RNA regions that typically are processed as siRNAs. Taken together with a recent study showing Drosha independent processing of miRNAs from Drosophila introns, our results indicate that ancestral miRNAs could have evolved from TEs prior to the full elaboration of the miRNA biogenesis pathway. Later, as the specific miRNA biogenesis pathway evolved, and numerous other expressed inverted repeat regions came to be recognized by the miRNA processing endonucleases, the host gene-related regulatory functions of miRNAs emerged. In this way, host genomes were afforded an additional level of regulatory complexity as a by-product of TE defense mechanisms. The siRNA-to-miRNA evolutionary transition is representative of a number of other regulatory mechanisms that evolved to silence TEs and were later co-opted to serve as regulators of host gene expression.; Dual coding of siRNAs and miRNAs by plant transposable elements"
000255196900013	X	"The creation of superhydrophobic surfaces that mimick lotus leaves is a relatively new research field that has attracted considerable attention. It shows promising applications in self-cleaning, microfluidics, bio-antifouling, and anticorrosion etc. Generally two requirements must be satisfied in order to achieve superhydrophobicity. First, the surface must be hydrophobic with a contact angle greater than 90 degrees. Second, the surface needs to have a two-tiered roughness; that is, it has to display both micro and nano structures. Such surface roughness converts the hydrophobic surface to a superhydrophobic surface. Based on the theory of superhydrophobicity for low surface energy coatings, we describe the preparation of a superhydrophobic antistiction silica coating for MEMS devices. The process uses a novel sol-gel process approach with a eutectic liquid as a templating agent. The eutectic liquid displays negligible vapor pressure and very low melting point (12 degrees C at ambient conditions) to reduce solvent loss during the high speed spincoating process. After a fluoroalkyl silane treatment, superhydrophobicity is achieved on the as-prepared silica thin film. The solvent can be extracted after the gelation and aging processes. Spin speed effect, eutectic liquid:TEOS ratio in the solution were systematically studied in order to optimize the surface roughness to ensure excellent super-hydrophobicity[1]. Comparison of the silica thin films with silicon pillar surfaces showed that superhydrophobicity for the traditional sol-gel derived silica films demonstrated significant improvement, especially under humid conditions. Mechanisms for the reduction of capillary force were discussed. The AFM force curve obtained with a tipless probe showed that the interaction force is greatly reduced on a rough silica superhydrophobic surface. This result offers great potential to reduce stiction failures in MEMS devices.[1].; Eutectic liquid in sol-gel process for superhydrophobic silica thin films - Antistiction of AHMS devices"
000255207000017	X	"Cysteine proteinases from Porphyromonas gingivalis, or gingipains, are considered to be key virulence factors of the bacterium in relation to periodontal diseases. Incubation of human oral epithelial cells with lysine-specific gingipain (Kgp) and high-molecular-mass arginine-specific gingipain (HRgpA) resulted in a decrease in the production of interleukin (IL)-8, but not in the production of other pro-inflammatory cytokines. In contrast, arginine-specific gingipain 2 (RgpB) increased IL-8 production. RNA interference assays demonstrated that Kgp- and HRgpA-mediated downregulation and RgpB-mediated upregulation occurred through protease-activated receptor (PAR)-1 and PAR-2 signalling. Although the RgpB-mediated upregulation of IL-8 production occurred through nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B), the Kgp- and HRgpA-mediated downregulation was not negated in NF-kappa B-silenced cells. Both the haemagglutinin and the enzymic domains are required for Kgp and HRgpA to downregulate the production of IL-8 in human oral epithelial cells, and the two domains are thought to co-exist. These results suggest that gingipains preferentially suppress IL-8, resulting in attenuation of the cellular recognition of bacteria, and as a consequence, sustain chronic inflammation.; Dual regulation of interleukin-8 production in human oral epithelial cells upon stimulation with gingipains from Porphyromonas gingivalis"
000255249300038	X	"In plants, DNA methylation, histone modifications, and RNA interference play critically important roles in regulating chromatin structure, thereby profoundly affecting transcription and other molecular events. Recent advances in microarray and high- throughput sequencing technologies have enabled genome- wide studies of these pathways in great detail. The vast amounts of ""epigenomic"" data generated so far have provided new insights into the mechanisms and functions of these pathways and have broadened our understanding of the structure and organization of plant chromatin as a whole.; Perspective - The epigenetic landscape of plants"
000255251300001	X	"Kitting is the process that gathers all of the components necessary to assemble a batch of circuit boards on production machines. An objective in kitting storage design is to minimize the travel involved in collecting the components in the storage area so as to decrease labor costs. From outward appearances, the kitting process is similar to order picking in a warehouse. Closer observation, however, reveals that its unique characteristics favor a cluster-based allocation over the storage strategies usually adopted in warehouses. We present a clustering and cluster assignment method. In the clustering method we develop a new objective function and incorporate it into a genetic algorithm. In the cluster assignment method we first develop a new index for cluster assignment priorities. We then prove optimum assignments of clusters under restrictive conditions and extend the result to realistic storage configurations using filling curves. We analyze the properties affecting the quality of filling curves and develop a class of filling curves with good performance characteristics. Finally, we perform numerical analyses to show that the cluster and filling-curve-based assignment in the kitting area can reduce travel distances.; Clusters and filling-curve-based storage assignment in a circuit board assembly kitting area"
000255265000013	X	"RNAi knockdown was employed to study the function of p67, a lysosome-associated membrane protein (LAMP)-like type I transmembrane lysosomal glycoprotein in African trypanosomes. Conditional induction of p67 dsRNA resulted in specific similar to 90% reductions in de novo p67 synthesis in both mammalian bloodstream and procyclic insect-stage parasites. Bloodstream cell growth was severely retarded with extensive death after > 24 h of induction. Biosynthetic trafficking of residual p67, and of the soluble lysosomal protease trypanopain, were unimpaired. Endocytosis of tomato lectin, a surrogate receptor-mediated cargo, was only mildly impaired (similar to 20%), but proper lysosomal targeting was unaffected. p67 ablation had dramatic effects on lysosomal morphology with gross enlargement (four- to fivefold) and internal membrane profiles reminiscent of autophagic vacuoles. Ablation of p67 expression rendered bloodstream trypanosomes refractory to lysis by human trypanolytic factor (TLF), a lysosomally activated host innate immune mediator. Similar effects on lysosomal morphology and TLF sensitivity were also obtained by two pharmacological agents that neutralize lysosomal pH - chloroquine and bafilomycin A1. Surprisingly, however, lysosomal pH was not affected in ablated cells suggesting that other physiological alterations must account for increased resistance to TLF. These results indicate p67 plays an essential role in maintenance of normal lysosomal structure and physiology in bloodstream-stage African trypanosomes.; The LAMP-like protein p67 plays an essential role in the lysosome of African trypanosomes"
000255317400024	X	"Conductance of a seamless-string of zigzag/armchair/ zigzag graphene nanoribbons (GNRs) is modeled using nonequilibrium Green's function methodology as a function of width, Fermi level and the metallic or semiconducting nature of the armchair GNR. Such a structure with a semiconductor armchair GNR combined with a top gate can potentially form a transistor whereas a structure with a metallic armchair GNR can be used for interconnecting nearby transistors. It is shown that the 30 degrees bends in such structures can be quite transparent for electrons (80% to 90% of ideal conductance) so long as there is the same number of conduction channels in the zigzag and armchair GNRs.; Electron transport modeling for junctions of zigzag and armchair graphene nanoribbons (GNRs)"
000255394100011	X	"The paper demonstrates the advantages arising from the simultaneous assessment of RF-MEMS capacitive switches and MIM capacitors. The application of simple capacitive-voltage characteristics and thermally stimulated depolarization current methods, respectively, allow the discrimination of the contribution of injected charges induced space charge polarization and the dipolar polarization. The proposed method allows the direct determination of device degradation sources and can be used for the dielectric material improvement.; RF-MEMS dielectric charging: Dependence on dielectric film polarization procedures"
000255581000003	X	"Cast multicrystalline silicon (mc-Si) shows a significant variation in quality depending on the location of the brick in the ingot and the location of the wafer in the brick. Variation also occurs in ingots from different suppliers, which is attributed to the difference in the cleanliness of the crucible used for growth and the quality of the silicon feedstock used. Process-induced lifetime investigation conducted in this paper showed that wafers from the top region of mc-Si ingot grown by Heat Exchanger Method (HEM) benefited most from the gettering step during phosphorus diffusion to form the n(+) junction. Wafers from the bottom of the ingot, however, benefited most from the hydrogenation taking place from the SiNx film during the co-firing cycle used to form simultaneous front and back contacts and aluminum back surface field. Wafers from the middle region benefited from both, the diffusion-gettering, and the SiNx-hydrogenation. Un-textured, 4 cm(2), screen-printed, best solar cell efficiencies of 15.9% and above were achieved on wafers from top, middle, and bottom regions of most of the ingots used in this study because the bulk lifetime exceeded 100 mu s after gettering and hydrogenation. Lifetimes in excess of 300 mu s were achieved from the middle region of some mc-Si ingots. Solar cell efficiencies of 16.7% were attained from the middle regions of two out of the three ingots investigated in this study. Device modeling was performed to provide guidelines to reduce the efficiency variation across different regions of the ingots and to obtain the highest possible efficiency with a given bulk lifetime and device structure. Published by Elsevier Ltd.; Bulk lifetime and efficiency enhancement due to gettering and hydrogenation of defects during cast multicrystalline silicon solar cell fabrication"
000255702300013	X	"The prediction of the binding free energy between a ligand and a protein is an important component in the virtual screening and lead optimization of ligands for drug discovery. To determine the quality of current binding free energy estimation programs, we examined FlexX, X-Score, AutoDock, and BLEEP for their performance in binding free energy prediction in various situations including cocrystallized complex structures, cross docking of ligands to their non-cocrystallized receptors, docking of thermally unfolded receptor decoys to their ligands, and complex structures with ""randomized"" ligand decoys. In no case was there a satisfactory correlation between the experimental and estimated binding free energies over all the datasets tested. Meanwhile, a strong correlation between ligand molecular weight-binding affinity correlation and experimental predicted binding affinity correlation was found. Sometimes the programs also correctly ranked ligands' binding affinities even though native interactions between the ligands and their receptors were essentially lost because of receptor deformation or ligand randomization, and the programs could not decisively discriminate randomized ligand decoys from their native ligands; this suggested that the tested programs miss important components for the accurate capture of specific ligand binding interactions. (C) 2008 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Assessment of programs for ligand binding affinity prediction"
000255791500011	X	"A hybridization of the recently introduced Particle Collision Algorithm (PCA) and the Nelder-Mead Simplex algorithm is introduced and applied to a core design optimization problem which was previously attacked by other metaheuristics. The optimization problem consists in adjusting several reactor cell parameters, such as dimensions, enrichment and materials, ill order to minimize the average peak-factor in a three-enrichment-zone reactor, considering restrictions on the average thermal flux, criticality and sub-moderation. The new metaheuristic performs better than the genetic algorithm, particle swarm optimization, and the Metropolis algorithms PCA and the Great Deluge Algorithm, thus demonstrating its potential for other applications. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; A Metropolis algorithm combined with Nelder-Mead Simplex applied to nuclear reactor core design"
000255880700022	X	"Mechanical forces are known to affect the biomechanical properties of native and engineered cardiovascular tissue. In particular, shear stress that results from the relative motion of heart valve leaflets with respect to the blood flow is one important component of their mechanical environment in vivo. Although different types of bioreactors have been designed to subject cells to shear stress, devices to expose biological tissue are few. In an effort to address this issue, the aim of this study was to design an ex vivo tissue culture system to characterize the biological response of heart valve leaflets subjected to a well-defined steady or time-varying shear stress environment. The novel apparatus was designed based on a cone-and-plate viscometer. The device characteristics were defined to limit the secondary flow effects inherent to this particular geometry. The determination of the operating conditions producing the desired shear stress profile was streamlined using a computational fluid dynamic (CFD) model validated with laser Doppler velocimetry. The novel ex vivo tissue culture system was validated in terms of its capability to reproduce a desired cone rotation and to maintain sterile conditions. The CFD results demonstrated that a cone angle of 0.5 deg, a cone radius of 40 mm, and a gap of 0.2 mm between the cone apex and the plate could limit radial secondary flow effects. The novel cone-and-plate permits to expose nine tissue specimens to an identical shear stress waveform. The whole setup is capable of accommodating four cone-and-plate systems, thus concomitantly subjecting 36 tissue samples to desired shear stress condition. The innovative design enables the tissue specimens to be flush mounted in the plate in order to limit flow perturbations caused by the tissue thickness. The device is capable of producing shear stress rates of up to 650 dyn cm(-2) s(-1) (i.e., maximum shear stress rate experienced by the ventricular surface of an aortic valve leaflet) and was shown to maintain tissue under sterile conditions for 120 h. The novel ex vivo tissue culture system constitutes a valuable tool toward elucidating heart valve mechanobiology. Ultimately, this knowledge will permit the production of functional tissue engineered heart valves, and a better understanding of heart valve biology and disease progression.; Design of an ex vivo culture system to investigate the effects of shear stress on cardiovascular tissue"
000255939900022	X	"This paper demonstrates the application of micro-electromechanical switches (MEMs) and SiGe logic devices for passive and active loopback testing of wide data buses at rates up to 6.4Gbps per signal. Target applications include HyperTransport, Fully-Buffered DIMM, and. PCIexpress, among others. Recently-commercialized MEMs technology provides high bandwidth (>7GHz) in very small packages in order to support wide parallel buses. SiGe logic also supports >7 Gbps signals when active shaping of the waveform is required. Loopback modules are described with between 9 and 16 differential channels. Multiple cards handle very wide buses or multiple ports. Passive cards utilize MEMs for switching between the Loopback (self-test) mode and traditional ATE source/receiver channels (which are also used for DC parametric tests). It is this switching function that benefits from the MEMs increased density. Active loopback cards provide additional waveform-shaping functions, such as buffering, amplitude attenuation or modulation, deskew, delay adjustment, jitter injection, etc. The modular approach permits pre-calibration of the loopback electronics, and easy reconfiguration between design validation, characterization testing, and high-volume production testing.; Multi-GHz loopback testing using MEMs switches and SiGe logic"
000255973400024	X	Integration of a 4x8 antenna array with a reconfigurable 2-bit phase shifter using RF MEMS switches on multilayer organic substrates
000255983700023	X	"We investigate how to rapidly solve an online sequence of maximum flow problems (MFPs). Such sequences arise in a diverse collection of settings including stochastic network programming and constraint programming, In this paper, we formalize the study of solving a sequence of MFPs, introduce a maximum flow algorithm designed for ""warm starts"" and extend our work to computing a robust minimum cut. We demonstrate that our algorithms reduce the running time by an order of magnitude when compared similar codes that use a black-box MFP solver. In particular, we show that our algorithm for robust minimum cuts can solve instances in seconds that would require over four hours using a black-box maximum flow solver.; Rapidly solving an online sequence of maximum flow problems with extensions to computing robust minimum cuts"
000255999000029	X	"Elastin synthesis and physiologic compliance are significant challenges in blood vessel tissue engineering. Here, we report that a biocompatible elastomeric scaffold can support the co-expression of elastin and collagen, which likely yielded the physiologic compliance in the constructs. A biodegradable elastomer, poly(glycerol sebacate), was fabricated into highly porous tubular scaffolds. Primary baboon arterial smooth muscle cells (SMCs) were seeded in the lumen of the scaffolds followed by a 1-week culture under gentle perfusion. Circulating endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) isolated from baboon peripheral blood was seeded directly on the smooth muscle layer in the lumen on day 8. The constructs were perfused using a pulsatile flow system for another 2 weeks before characterization. In another set of experiments, the SMCs were cultured for 7 weeks and were co-cultured for 1 week with the EPCs. Constructs obtained using either set of culture conditions contained elastin and collagen: Masson's trichrome stain showed a circumferential collagen band in the constructs, and elastin was evident from its characteristic autofluorescence, Verhoff's stain, and amino acid analysis of insoluble remnants after hot alkali digestion. All constructs had a confluent cellular lumen with cells well-dispersed throughout the scaffolds. At physiologic pressures, the compliance of the 8-week construct was comparable to human arteries as observed in pressure-diameter testing. Combination of elastomeric scaffolds, co-culture of EPC and SMC, and mechanical conditioning appears to encourage the expression of a more natural extracellular matrix and lead to physiologically-relevant compliance; both are major challenges in blood vessel tissue engineering. (C) 2008 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Co-expression of elastin and collagen leads to highly compliant engineered blood vessels"
000256056400002	X	"In this article, we discuss the sample average approximation (SAA) method applied to a class of stochastic mathematical programs with variational (equilibrium) constraints. To this end, we briefly investigate the structure of both - the lower level equilibrium solution and objective integrand. We show almost sure convergence of optimal values, optimal solutions (both local and global) and generalized Karush-Kuhn-Tucker points of the SAA program to their true counterparts. We also study uniform exponential convergence of the sample average approximations, and as a consequence derive estimates of the sample size required to solve the true problem with a given accuracy. Finally, we present some preliminary numerical test results.; Stochastic mathematical programs with equilibrium constraints, modelling and sample average approximation"
000256099900003	X	"Indium-tin oxide (ITO) electrodes have been modified with both fluorinated alkyl and aryl phosphonic acids [n-hexylphosphonic acid (HPA) and n-octadecylphosphonic acid (ODPA); 3,3,4,4,5,5,6,6,7,7,8,8,8-tridecafluorooctyl phosphonic acid (FHOPA), pentafluorobenzyl phosphonic acid (PFBPA), and tetrafluorobenzyl1,4-diphosphonic acid (TFBdiPA)]. These are modifiers designed to control both wetting properties toward nonpolar molecular solids and to provide a wide range of tunability in effective surface work function. The molecular nature of surface attachment and changes in electronic and wetting properties were characterized by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), UV-photoelectron spectroscopy (UPS), photoelastic modulation infrared reflection-absorption spectroscopy (PM-IRRAS), and contact angle measurements using both water and hexadecane. Interface dipoles from the PA modifiers contribute to shifts in the low kinetic energy regions of UPS spectra (local vacuum level shifts, which translate into changes in effective surface work function). We show that for ITO surfaces modified with FHOPA, and to a lesser extent with PFBPA, the high work function obtained by oxygen plasma cleaning can be maintained after modification, while decreasing the polar component of surface energy. This approach to oxide surface modification is a strategy that may be beneficial for the modification of transparent conducting oxide surfaces in both organic light emitting diodes and in organic solar cells, where oxide/organic compatibility can affect device performance.; Phosphonic acid modification of indium-tin oxide electrodes: Combined XPS/UPS/contact angle studies"
000256125600958	X	Host-derived RNA interference analyses of selected parasitism genes of the root-knot nematode Meloidogyne incognita
000256138000002	X	"Graphene and carbon nanotubes (CNT) can be produced by vacuum decomposition of Sic, but discrepancies and conflicting data in the literature limit the use of this method for CNT synthesis. A systematic study of the effects of Sic surface morphology and carbon transport through the gas phase leads to reproducible and controlled growth of arrays of small-diameter (1-4 walls) nanotubes, which show pronounced radial breathing modes in Raman spectra, on either carbon (000 (1) over bar) or silicon (0001) face of 6H Sic wafers at 1400-1900 degrees C. These nanotube arrays have a very high density and are catalyst-free with no internal closures. They show a higher oxidation resistance compared to CNTs produced by catalytic chemical vapor deposition (CVD). Their integration with graphite/graphene or silica layers on Sic wafers is possible in a simple 2-step process and opens new horizons in nanoscale device fabrication. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Noncatalytic synthesis of carbon nanotubes, graphene and graphite on SiC"
000256239800083	X	Dendritic cells and host reponses in tissue engineering
000256239800264	X	Silk fibroin-based 3-D porous scaffolds for cartilage tissue engineering
000256339700012	X	"The fulfillment of individual customer affective needs may award the producer extra premium in gaining a competitive edge. This entails a number of technical challenges to be addressed, such as the elicitation, evaluation, and fulfillment of affective needs, as well as the evaluation of affordability of producers to launch the planned products. Mass customization and personalization have been recognized as an effective means to enhance front-end customer satisfaction while maintaining back-end production efficiency. This paper proposes an affective design framework to facilitate decision-making in designing customized product ecosystems. In particular, ambient intelligence techniques are applied to elicit affective customer needs. An analytical model is proposed to support affective design analysis. Utility measure and conjoint analysis are employed to quantify affective satisfaction, while the producer affordability is evaluated using an affordability index. Association rule mining techniques are applied to model the mapping of affective needs to design elements. Configuration design of product ecosystems is optimized with a heuristic genetic algorithm. A case study of Volvo truck cab design is reported with a focus on the customization of affective features. It is demonstrated that the analytical affective design framework can effectively manage the elicitation, analysis, and fulfillment of affective customer needs. Meanwhile, it can account for the manufacturer's capabilities, which is vital for ensuring a profit margin in the mass customization and personalization endeavor.; Analytical affective design with ambient intelligence for mass customization and personalization"
000256382600024	X	"Micro Scanning Grating interferometer (mu SGI) is a micromachined optical sensor to inspect MEMS. This paper presents the design fabrication, implementation and analysis of an array of such mu SGIs. The mu SGIs are capable of static and dynamic displacement measurements. The mu SGIs have phase sensitive micromachined gratings which are actuated by electrostatic force. The mu SGIs are fabricated on SOI wafers The fabricated tunable gratings exhibit the first resonance mode at 48kHz and a damping ratio of similar to 0.05. The gratings show sufficient (similar to 400nm) displacement range for tuning it to high sensitivity position, achieved with 30V operating voltage range. To actively tune the gratings a novel control algorithm is implemented real-time in a Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). It adjusts the position of each grating with respect to corresponding sample, to achieve high sensitivity. Active control scheme is modeled using MATLAB and the performance results show good agreement with the experiments. The control algorithm is successfully used to characterize the tunable gratings and to demonstrate parallel operation of the mu SGIs. Experimental results demonstrate a vertical resolution of 0.2pm over 1Hz bandwidth.; Scanning micro-interferometer array with sub-picometer resolution for MEMS inspection"
000256420500007	X	"Standard practice when analyzing data from different types of experiments is to treat data from each type separately. By borrowing strength across multiple sources, an integrated analysis can produce better results. Careful adjustments must be made to incorporate the systematic differences among various experiments. Toward this end, some Bayesian hierarchical Gaussian process models are proposed. The heterogeneity among different sources is accounted for by performing flexible location and scale adjustments. The approach tends to produce prediction closer to that from the high-accuracy experiment. The Bayesian computations are aided by the use of Markov chain Monte Carlo and sample average approximation algorithms. The proposed method is illustrated with two examples, one with detailed and approximate finite elements simulations for mechanical material design and the other with physical and computer experiments for modeling a food processor.; Bayesian hierarchica modeling for integrating low-accuracy and high-accuracy experiments"
000256584600013	X	"This paper presents for the first time the effects of moisture on radio frequency microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) switches packaged entirely inside a flexible, organic polymer [namely, liquid crystal polymer (LCP)]. Moisture tests were administered at 100 degrees C and 100% relative humidity to evaluate long-term exposures and at 85 degrees C and 85% relative humidity to evaluate short-term exposures. The effect of the moisture was quantified by before and after S-parameter measurements, by a weight gain analysis, and by visual inspection. Both global and localized bonding techniques were investigated to compare the best-case scenario to a more practical case. The effects of an 18 mu m thick copper layer on both sides of the package were studied as well as the size of the bonding contact area. It was found that many packages that passed the Military Standard 883 G, Method 1014.12 for seal quality were unable to provide adequate protection from moisture. This indicates that the requirements for MEMS devices is more rigorous than the Military Standard. This standard is commonly quoted in literature as a metric for qualifying polymer packaging techniques. This paper demonstrates the necessity for proper testing of MEMS devices in a moist environment. It has been determined that for the bonding methods presented in this paper, an LCP packaged MEMS switch could potentially survive 7-10 h in jungle conditions, 5-7 weeks in ambient conditions, or 1.4-1.8 years in desert conditions.; Moisture lifetime testing of RF MEMS switches packaged in liquid crystal polymer"
000256619600022	X	"This paper presents a method for fabricating a fundamental MEMS tool-microtweezers. Microtweezers offer an attractive option to meet the increasing need to grasp, manipulate and excise microstructures or biological components. The microtweezers presented here augment a standard micromanipulator, allowing precise positioning in three dimensions. An additional micro-drive control knob, which is affixed to the micromanipulator, allows actuation of the tweezer tips through the use of a tether-cable drive system. This drive actuates the tweezer tips by the reciprocating motion of two microfabricated parts: the tweezers and tweezer box. A simple three-layer planar fabrication scheme allows for a broad range of tweezer styles (straight and serrated tips) and sizes (microns to millimeters). For these studies, 20 mu m wide and 10 mu m thick nickel beams were developed for the tweezer tips, which could endure 20 mN of force. To demonstrate the concept of microassembly, pick and place operations were performed on 10 mu m thick film structures. Additional functionality was achieved by integrating platinum-black microelectrodes into parylene-coated tweezers to allow electrophysiological functions such as cellular stimulation and recording. Ultimately, this unique and simple design affords extraordinarily delicate control that is potentially beneficial for applications in microassembly, electrophysiology and microsurgery.; Mechanically driven microtweezers with integrated microelectrodes"
000256626300016	X	"In many micromachined sensors the thin (2-10 mu m thick) air film between a compliant diaphragm and backplate electrode plays a dominant role in shaping both the dynamic and thermal noise characteristics of the device. Silicon microphone structures used in grating-based optical-interference microphones have recently been introduced that employ backplates with minimal area to achieve low damping and low thermal noise levels. Finite-element based modeling procedures based on 2-D discretization of the governing Reynolds equation are ideally suited for studying thin-film dynamics in such structures which utilize relatively complex backplate geometries. In this paper, the dynamic properties of both the diaphragm and thin air film are studied using a modal projection procedure in a commonly used finite element software and the results are used to simulate the dynamic frequency response of the coupled structure to internally generated electrostatic actuation pressure. The model is also extended to simulate thermal mechanical noise spectra of these advanced sensing structures. In all cases simulations are compared with measured data and show excellent agreement-demonstrating 0.8 pN/ root 4Hz and 1.8 mu Pa/ root Hz thermal force and thermal pressure noise levels, respectively, for the 1.5 mm diameter structures under study which have a fundamental diaphragm resonance-limited bandwidth near 20 kHz.; Simulation of thin-film damping and thermal mechanical noise spectra for advanced micromachined microphone structures"
000256695700110	X	"This work addresses the required properties and device structures for an InGaN solar cell. Homojunction InGaN solar cells with a bandgap greater than 2.0 eV are specifically targeted due to material limitations. These devices are attractive because over half the available power in the solar spectrum is above 2.0 W. Using high growth rates, InGaN films with indium compositions ranging from 1 to 32% have been grown by Molecular Beam Epitaxy with negligible phase separation according to X-ray diffraction analysis, and better than 190 arc-sec omega-2 theta FWHM for similar to 0.6 mu m thick In(0.32)Ga(0.68)N film. Using measured transmission data, the adsorption coefficient of InGaN at 2.4 eV was calculated as alpha congruent to 2x10(5) cm(-1) near the band edge. This results in the optimal solar cell thickness of less than a micron and may lead to high open circuit voltage while reducing the constraints on limited minority carrier life-times.; Characteristics of InGaN designed for photovoltaic applications"
000256706200011	X	"The production of cheap energy from the sun will be a major research objective in the coming years. Major strides must be made in solar cell efficiency, including increasing absorbance efficiency of a cell by etching or texturing. In order to increase the absorbance efficiency of solar cells, we have developed a three-dimensional solar cell structure by depositing a cadmium telluride thin film overtop carbon nanotube towers. These towers act as both a scaffolding and an electrical interconnect. Multiple photon interactions as they reflect between these towers increase the absorption efficiency. We have developed a theoretical model and computer simulation to maximize the number of photon interactions due to the geometrical characteristics of the system (aspect ratio, spacing, size, shape, etc.). Simulated modeling has shown that by optimization of parameters, a three-dimensional cell can obtain up to a 300% increase in power production over traditional cells. (C) 2008 American Institute of Physics.; Simulations of absorbance efficiency and power production of three dimensional tower arrays for use in photovoltaics"
000257113300054	X	"Physics-based equivalent circuit models are presented for armchair and zigzag graphene nanoribbons (GNRs), and their conductances have been benchmarked against those of carbon nanotubes and copper wires. Atomically thick GNRs with smooth edges can potentially have smaller resistances compared with copper wires with unity aspect ratios for widths below 8nm and stacks of non-interacting GNRs can have substantially smaller resistivities compared to Cu wires.; Performance benchmarking for graphene nanoribbon, carbon nanotube, and Cu interconnects"
000257141201172	X	"Creation of superhydrophobic self-cleaning surfaces is an important objective for a variety of applications. Indeed, numerous routes to generate superhydrophobic surfaces have been proposed. In this paper, a facile way of forming superhydrophobic surfaces is reported that uses Au assisted HF/H(2)O(2) etching of silicon wafers. The Au layer was deposited onto a silicon wafer via e-Beam evaporation. By controlling the evaporation and etching times, the surface roughness can be manipulated and superhydrophobic surfaces with different optical properties can be generated. The effect of etchant concentration on superhydrophobicity was investigated by altering surface structures. Contact angles were measured with a CCD camera equipped goniometer; these values determined the water repellency. Light reflection on the as prepared black surfaces was measured to assess the efficiency for low cost solar cell applications. This approach offers a new way both to theoretically study the surface roughness effect and to investigate engineering applications of self-cleaning surfaces in solar cells, MEMS, anti-bacteria coating, and microfluidic devices.; Preparation of multi-functional silicon surface structures for solar cell applications"
000257195700006	X	"The ability of embryonic stem cells (ESCs) to differentiate into all somatic cell types makes them an attractive cell source for regenerative medicine and tissue-engineering applications. In addition to their potential to restore cellularity of injured or diseased tissues, molecular factors produced by stem cells may also directly influence tissue morphogenesis, thereby providing therapeutic benefit independent of stem cell differentiation. In order to examine this hypothesis, it is necessary to separate the cells from the molecular factors they are capable of producing. One potential method of separation is to acellularize clusters of differentiating ESCs, referred to as embryoid bodies (EBs), from the extracellular matrix they synthesize. Thus, the objective of this study was to examine the effectiveness of different reagents, including peracetic acid, sodium dodecyl sulfate, Triton X-100 and DNase, to acellularize EBs. The efficiency of acellularization was assessed based on cell viability and retention of overall mass, DNA and protein, as well as histological examination of the resulting acellular matrix. Initial studies suggested that sequential treatments of Triton X-100 and DNase successfully yielded a cohesive acellular product that retained protein content and significantly reduced levels of DNA. Additional optimization studies were performed with combinations of Triton X-100 and DNase to assess the specific effects of reagent concentration, treatment duration and solvent volume/EB ratios. These results establish methods to effectively obtain novel acellular matrices from differentiating ESCs that may contain morphogenic cues and have potential applications in regenerative medicine.; Efficacy of solvent extraction methods for acellularization of embryoid bodies"
000257424200064	X	"The growth of graphene on the silicon-terminated face of 6H-SiC(0001) was investigated by scanning tunneling microscopy (STM) measurements. The initial stages of ultrahigh vacuum graphitization resulted in the growth of individual graphene sheets on random Sic terraces. These initial graphene sheets contained few defects, and the regions of clean Sic were free of contamination, exhibiting a 6 root 3 x 6 root 3R30 degrees surface reconstruction. However, graphitization to multilayer thickness resulted in multiple defects, as observed with the STM. A high density of defects was observed, which may be attributed to the initial treatment of the Sic wafer. We characterize these defects, showing that they are located predominantly below the first layer of graphene. (C) 2008 American Vacuum Society.; Atomic-scale investigation of graphene formation on 6H-SiC(0001)"
000257424200065	X	"Scanning tunneling microscopy and scanning tunneling spectroscopy (STS) are used to study the structural and electronic properties of bilayer epitaxial graphene on SiC(0001). Topographic images reveal that graphene conforms to the SiC interface morphology and is observed to be continuous across steps separating adjoining terraces. Bilayer epitaxial graphene is shown to be Bernal stacked as is evidenced by bias-dependent topographic imaging. STS maps of the differential conductance show that graphene lattice defects cause scattering of charge carriers near the Fermi level. An analysis of stationary scattering patterns observed in the conductance maps determines the energy-momentum dispersion relation within 100 meV of the Fermi level. In contrast to lattice defects, disorder at the SiC interface and at subsurface steps plays a much lesser role in the scattering of charge carriers. (C) 2008 American Vacuum Society.; Structural and electronic properties of bilayer epitaxial graphene"
000257450200007	X	"We have previously created scaffolds composed of a biodegradable elastomer, poly(glycerol sebacate) (PGS), which are tubular, seamless, and highly porous. Here we describe two scaffold fabrication methods developed subsequently and compare the advantages of these methods to the original by examining overall yields and scaffold characteristics, such as defect frequency and severity, wall thickness homogeneity, microstructure, porosity, and mechanical properties. Scaffolds fabricated with a heat-shrinkable (HS) mandrel had higher yield, fewer defects, more homogeneous wall thickness and microstructure, and higher porosity. Improvements in yield and scaffold characteristics likely resulted from more uniform distribution of forces resulting in lower stress concentrations in the scaffolds during removal of HS mandrels. When seeded with smooth muscle cells in a bioreactor, the optimized scaffolds retained 74% of cells, which proliferated and formed a confluent cellular layer after 21 days of in vitro culture. (C) 2007 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Seamless tubular poly(glycerol sebacate) scaffolds: High-yield fabrication and potential applications"
000257507400030	X	"We report the rational design of multifunctional nanoparticles for short-interfering RNA (siRNA) delivery and imaging based on the use of semiconductor quantum dots (QDs) and proton-absorbing polymeric coatings (proton sponges). With a balanced composition of tertiary amine and carboxylic acid groups, these nanoparticles are specifically designed to address longstanding barriers in siRNA delivery such as cellular penetration, endosomal release, carrier unpacking, and intracellular transport. The results demonstrate dramatic improvement in gene silencing efficiency by 10-20-fold and simultaneous reduction in cellular toxicity by 5-6-fold, when compared directly with existing transfection agents for MDA-MB-231 cells. The QD-siRNA nanoparticles are also dual-modality optical and electron-microscopy probes, allowing real-time tracking and ultrastructural localization of QDs during delivery and transfection. These new insights and capabilities represent a major step toward nanoparticle engineering for imaging and therapeutic applications.; Proton-sponge coated quantum dots for siRNA delivery and intracellular imaging"
000257509300002	X	"We demonstrate that organized, porous, polymer microstructures with continuous open nanoscale pores and a sub-micron spacing obtained via interference lithography can be successfully utilized in a non-traditional field of ordered polymer microcomposites. The examples presented here include porous matrices for the fabrication of binary, glassy-rubbery microcomposites with intriguing mechanical properties with large energy dissipation and lattice-controlled fracturing.; Mechanical properties of composite polymer microstructures fabricated by interference lithography"
000257553700048	X	"Graphene-oxide (GO) flakes have been deposited to bridge the gap between two epitaxial-graphene electrodes to produce all-graphene devices. Electrical measurements indicate the presence of Schottky barriers at the graphene/graphene-oxide junctions, as a consequence of the band gap in GO. The barrier height is found to be about 0.7 eV, and is reduced after annealing at 180 degrees C, implying that the gap can be tuned by changing the degree of oxidation. A lower limit of the GO mobility was found to be 850 cm(2)/V s, rivaling silicon. In situ local oxidation of patterned epitaxial graphene has been achieved.; Epitaxial-graphene/graphene-oxide junction: An essential step towards epitaxial graphene electronics"
000257582900003	X	"In evaluating the energy-generation potential of a photovoltaic (PV) energy system, the system is usually assumed to work without interruptions over its entire life. PV energy systems are fairly reliable, but as any complex system, they may fail. In PV systems, the inverter is responsible for the majority of failures, and most inverter failures are blamed on the aluminum electrolytic capacitors typically used in the dc bus. This paper investigates the effects of common failure modes on the reliability of PV inverters and suggests a model framework for decomposing the inverter into subsystems for more detailed study. The challenges of statistical analysis based on small data sets are discussed, and simulations are performed to illustrate the proposed model using a simple decomposition into subsystems of the inverter used in the 342-kW PV system at the Georgia Tech Aquatic Center.; Development of a methodology for improving photovoltaic inverter reliability"
000257841400007	X	"The electronic properties of epitaxial graphene grown on SiC have shown its potential as a viable candidate for post-CMOS electronics. However, progress in this field requires a detailed understanding of both the structure and growth of epitaxial graphene. To that end, this review will focus on the current state of epitaxial graphene research as it relates to the structure of graphene grown on SiC. We pay particular attention to the similarity and differences between graphene growth on the two polar faces, (0001) and (000 (1) over bar), of hexagonal SiC. Growth techniques, subsequent morphology and the structure of the graphene/SiC interface and graphene stacking order are reviewed and discussed. Where possible the relationship between film morphology and electronic properties will also be reviewed.; The growth and morphology of epitaxial multilayer graphene"
000257878700012	X	"We report on the transport and structural properties of graphene layers grown epitaxially on hexagonal SiC. Experimentally, the charge carriers in epitaxial graphene are found to be chiral and the band structure is clearly related to the Dirac cone. To lowest order, epitaxial graphene appears to consist of stacked graphene sheets; the first layer is highly charged with the others carrying much lower charge.; Dirac particles in epitaxial graphene films grown on SiC"
000257950300042	X	"This paper describes the behavior of top-gated transistors fabricated using carbon, specifically epitaxial graphene on SiC, as the active material. Although graphene devices have been built before, in this paper, we provide the first demonstration and systematic evaluation of arrays of a large number of transistors produced using standard microelectronics methods. The graphene devices presented feature high-k dielectric, mobilities up to 5000 cm(2)/V center dot s, and I(on)/I(off) ratios of up to seven, and are methodically analyzed to provide insight into the substrate properties. Typical of graphene, these micrometer-scale devices have negligible band gaps and, therefore, large leakage currents.; Epitaxial graphene transistors on SIC substrates"
000258121900024	X	"The paper describes an interactive musical system that utilizes a genetic algorithm in an effort to create inspiring collaborations between human musicians and an improvisatory robotic xylophone player. The robot is designed to respond to human input in an acoustic and visual manner, evolving a human-generated phrase population based oil a similarity driven fitness function in real time. The robot listens to MIDI and audio input from human players and generates melodic responses that are informed by the analyzed input as well as by internalized knowledge of contextually relevant material. The paper describes the motivation for the project, the hardware and software design, two performances that were conducted with the system, and a number of directions for future work.; A real-time genetic algorithm in human-robot musical improvisation"
000258238000016	X	"Native myocardium consists of several cell types, of which approximately one-third are myocytes and most of the nonmyocytes are fibroblasts. By analogy with monolayer culture in which fibroblasts were removed to prevent over-growth, early attempts to engineer myocardium utilized cell populations enriched for cardiac myocytes (CMs; similar to 80-90% of total cells). We hypothesized that the pre-treatment of synthetic elastomeric scaffolds with cardiac fibroblasts (CFs) will enhance the functional assembly of the engineered cardiac constructs by creating an environment supportive of cardiomyocyte attachment and function. Cells isolated from neonatal rat ventricles were prepared to form three distinct populations: rapidly plating cells identified as CFs, slowly plating cells identified as CMs, and unseparated initial population of cells (US). The cell fractions (3 X 106 cells total) were seeded into poly(glycerol sebacate) scaffolds (highly porous discs, 5 mm in diameter X 2-mm thick) using Matrigel (TM), either separately (CM or CF), concurrently (US), or sequentially (CF pre-treatment followed by CM culture, CF + CM), and cultured in spinner flasks. The CF + CM group had the highest amplitude of contraction and the lowest excitation threshold, superior DNA content, and higher glucose consumption rate. The CF + CM group exhibited compact 100- to 200-mu m thick layers of elongated myocytes aligned in parallel over layers of collagen-producing fibroblasts, while US and CM groups exhibited scattered and poorly elongated myocytes. The sequential co-culture of CF and CM on a synthetic elastomer scaffold thus created an environment supportive of cardiomyocyte attachment, differentiation, and contractile function, presumably due to scaffold conditioning by cultured fibroblasts. When implanted over the infarcted myocardium in a nude rat model, cell-free poly(glycerol sebacate) remained at the ventricular wall after 2 weeks of in vivo, and was vascularized. (c) 2007 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Pre-treatment of synthetic elastomeric scaffolds by cardiac fibroblasts improves engineered heart tissue"
000258313900002	X	"Semiconductor quantum dots (QDs) are tiny light-emitting particles on the nanometer scale, and are emerging as a new class of fluorescent labels for biology and medicine. In comparison with organic dyes and fluorescent proteins, they have unique optical and electronic properties, with size-tunable light emission, superior signal brightness, resistance to photobleaching, and broad absorption spectra for simultaneous excitation of multiple fluorescence colors. QDs also provide a versatile nanoscale scaffold for designing multifunctional nanoparticles with both imaging and therapeutic functions. When linked with targeting ligands such as antibodies, peptides or small molecules, QDs can be used to target tumor biomarkers as well as tumor vasculatures with high affinity and specificity. Here we discuss the synthesis and development of state-of-the-art QD probes and their use for molecular and cellular imaging. We also examine key issues for in vivo imaging and therapy, such as nanoparticle biodistribution, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Bioconjugated quantum dots for in vivo molecular and cellular imaging"
000258353800003	X	"An important step of rotor blade design is to design cross sections that possess specified stiffness and inertia properties. This paper describes an innovative methodology for design of composite rotor blade cross sections. The proposed methodology includes four parts: an improved optimization model, a parametric geometry generator with appropriate mesh, an efficient and reliable cross-sectional analysis program, and an efficient optimizer. The optimization model is improved by adding manufacturability constraints that are generally ignored in traditional design approaches. The optimization model also integrates mass and stiffness properties along with structural integrity. To solve the optimization problem with a mix of continuous and discrete variables resulting from manufacturability constraints, a hybrid optimization method is developed that can rapidly search for and find an optimum design. The design methodology is demonstrated by several examples. In addition, a sensitivity analysis is conducted by which design variables with little effect can be eliminated. Based on this approach, two models with a reduced number of design variables are created and the resulting simplified designs are evaluated.; Cross-sectional design of composite rotor blades"
000258413900011	X	"In spite of recent scientific advances, treatment and repair of cartilage using tissue engineering techniques remains challenging. The major constraint is the limited proliferative capacity of mature autologous chondrocytes used in the tissue engineering approach. This problem can be addressed by using stem cells, which can self-renew with greater proliferative potential. Cartilage tissue engineering using adult mesenchymal stem cells derived from bone marrows has met with limited success. In this study we explored cartilage tissue generation from embryonic stem cells (ESCs). ESCs were induced to differentiate into chondroprogenitors, capable of proliferating and subsequently differentiating into cartilage-producing cells. The chondrogenic cells expressed chondrocyte-specific markers and deposited extracellular matrix proteins, proteoglycans. ESC-derived chondrogenic cells and polycaprolactone scaffolds seeded with these cells implanted in mice (129 SvImJ) generated cartilage tissue in vivo. Postimplant analysis of the retrieved tissues demonstrated cartilage-like tissue formation in 3-4 weeks. The cells of retrieved tissues also expressed the chondrocyte-specific marker collagen II. These findings suggest that ESCs can be used for tissue engineering and cultivation of cartilage tissues.; Chondrogenic derivatives of embryonic stem cells seeded into 3D polycaprolactone scaffolds generated cartilage tissue in vivo"
000258571600009	X	"This paper describes a low-power approach to capacitive sensing that achieves a high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). The circuit is composed of a capacitive feedback charge amplifier and a charge adaptation circuit. Without the adaptation circuit, the charge amplifier only consumes 1 mu W to achieve the audio band SNR of 69.34 dB. An adaptation scheme using Fowler-Nordheim tunneling and channel hot-electron injection mechanisms to stabilize the dc output voltage is demonstrated. This scheme provides a very low frequency pole at 0.2 Hz. The measured noise spectrums show that this slow-time scale adaptation does not degrade the circuit performance. The dc path can also be provided by a large feedback resistance without causing extra power consumption. A charge amplifier with a MOS-bipolar pseudo-resistor feedback scheme is interfaced, with a capacitive micromachined ultrasonic transducer to demonstrate the feasibility of this approach for ultrasound applications.; A charge-based low-power high-SNR capacitive sensing interface circuit"
000258726500044	X	"To address the thermal management challenges associated with high power dissipation devices, we describe a novel hybrid thermal management device, which enables significant enhancement of conventional air-cooled heat sinks using on-demand and spatially controlled droplet/jet impingement evaporative cooling. The device architecture modifies an air (gas)-cooled heat sink by adding a multiplexed, planar MEMS (microelectromechanical system)-based droplet ejector array as a capping surface of the finned structure of a conventional heat sink. Such a minimal modification of the heat sink allows one to exploit high heat flux evaporative cooling by virtue of delivering streams of liquid droplets or jets to the highly thermally conducting, heat spreading surface of the heat sink fins. The phase change associated with liquid droplet evaporation results in significant (similar to 50%) enhancement of the dissipated thermal load, beyond what could be achieved by using air (gas) cooling alone. Finally, among the additional key attractive features of the described technology is its ease of implementation (i.e., modification of commercially available heat sinks), paving the way to power-efficient, low-cost thermal management of high power dissipation devices.; Evaporation-enhanced, dynamically-adaptive air (gas)-cooled heat sink for thermal management of high heat dissipation devices"
000258852300002	X	"The current battery of candidate parasitism proteins secreted by nematodes to modify plant tissues for parasitism includes cell-wall-modifying enzymes of potential prokaryotic origin, multiple regulators of host cell cycle and metabolism, proteins that can localize to the plant cell nucleus, potential suppressors of host defense, mimics of plant molecules, and a relatively large cadre of predicted novel nematode parasitism proteins. Phenotypic effects of expressing nematode parasitism proteins in transformed plant tissues, protein-protein interaction assays, and RNA-mediated interference (RNAi) analyses are currently providing exciting evidence of the biological role of candidate nematode secreted parasitism proteins and identifying potential novel means of developing transgenic resistance to nematodes in crops.; Parasitism proteins in nematode-plant interactions"
000258905700016	X	"Interfacial zones between tissues provide specialized, transitional junctions central to normal tissue function. Regenerative medicine strategies focused on multiple cell types and/or bi/tri-layered scaffolds do not provide continuously graded interfaces, severely limiting the integration and biological performance of engineered tissue substitutes. Inspired by the bone-soft tissue interface, we describe a biomaterial-mediated gene transfer strategy for spatially regulated genetic modification and differentiation of primary dermal fibroblasts within tissue-engineered constructs. We demonstrate that zonal organization of osteolblastic and fibroblastic cellular phenotypes can be engineered by a simple, one-step seeding of fibroblasts onto scaffolds containing a spatial distribution of retrovirus encoding the osteogenic transcription factor Runx2/Cbfa1. Gradients of immobilized retrovirus, achieved via deposition of controlled poly(L-lysine) densities, resulted in spatial patterns of transcription factor expression, osteolblastic differentiation, and mineralized matrix deposition. Notably, this graded distribution of mineral deposition and mechanical properties was maintained when implanted in vivo in an ectopic site. Development of this facile and robust strategy is significant toward the regeneration of continuous interfacial zones that mimic the cellular and microstructural characteristics of native tissue.; Engineering graded tissue interfaces"
000258930200110	X	"In the design of complex power distribution networks (PDN) with multiple power islands, it is required that the PDN represents a low impedance as seen by the digital modules. This is to reduce the simultaneous switching noise (SSN), generated due to the switching activity of digital drivers. Typically this reduction in impedance is accomplished by placing decoupling capacitors between the power and ground planes of a package or board. However, the performance of the decoupling solution is a function of capacitor selection and its placement. In this paper, an automatic capacitor placement optimization method has been proposed. This method relies on a genetic algorithm to provide a stochastic search of the design space, while employing an efficient core PDN simulator based on the multi-layer finite difference method (M-FDM). The technique has been employed to show optimized placements for split planes as well as for a realistic multi-layer server board.; Automatic package and board decoupling capacitor placement using genetic algorithms and M-FDM"
000258996600028	X	"This paper reports on the design, fabrication, and characterization of piezoelectrically-transduced micromechanical single-crystal-silicon resonators operating in their lateral bulk acoustic modes to address the need for high-Q microelectronicintegrable frequency-selective components. A simple electromechanical model for optimizing performance is presented. For verification, resonators were fabricated on 5-mu m-thick silicon-on-insulator substrates and use a 0.3-mu m zinc oxide film for transduction. A bulk acoustic mode was observed from a 240 mu m x 40 mu m resonator with a 600-Omega impedance (Q = 3400 at P = 1 atm) at 90 MHz. A linear resonator absorbed power of -0.5 dBm and an output current of 1.3 mA rms were measured. The same device also exhibited a Q of 12 000 in its fundamental extensional mode at a pressure of 5 torr.; Piezoelectric-on-silicon lateral bulk acoustic wave micromechanical resonators"
000259010300081	X	"A narrow band-gap alternating copolymer of perylene diimide and bis(dithienothiophene) (2) and a polythiophene derivative substituted by a tris(thienylenevinylene) conjugated side chain (4) are used as acceptor and donor, respectively, in all-polymer solar cells (SCs). The optimized device based on the blend of 4 and 2 in the ratio 3: 1 (w/w) gives a short circuit current (J(sc)) of 5.02 mA cm(-2) and a power conversion efficiency of 1.48%, under simulated AM 1.5 illumination at 100 mW cm(-2). These values are among the highest values reported for all-polymer SCs. (c) 2008 American Institute of Physics.; Efficient all-polymer solar cells based on blend of tris(thienylenevinylene)-substituted polythiophene and poly[perylene diimide-alt-bis(dithienothiophene)]"
000259017000001	X	"Porous biomaterials designed to support cellular infiltration and tissue formation play a critical role in implant fixation and engineered tissue repair. The purpose of this Leading Opinion Paper is to advocate the use of high resolution 3D imaging techniques as a tool to quantify extracellular matrix formation and vascular ingrowth within porous biomaterials and objectively compare different strategies for functional tissue regeneration. An initial over-reliance on qualitative evaluation methods may have contributed to the false perception that developing effective tissue engineering technologies would be relatively straightforward. Moreover, the lack of comparative studies with quantitative metrics in challenging preclinical models has made it difficult to determine which of the many available strategies to invest in or use clinically for companies and clinicians, respectively. This paper will specifically illustrate the use of microcomputed tomography (micro-CT) imaging with and without contrast agents to nondestructively quantify the formation of bone, cartilage, and vasculature within porous biomaterials. (c) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; 3D imaging of tissue integration with porous biomaterials"
000259120500074	X	"Silicon is employed in a variety of electronic and optical devices such as integrated circuits, photovoltaics, sensors, and detectors. In this paper, Au-assisted etching of silicon has been used to prepare superhydrophobic surfaces that may add unique properties to such devices. Surfaces were characterized by contact angle and contact angle hysteresis. Superhydrophobic surfaces with reduced hysteresis were prepared by Au-assisted etching of pyramid-structured silicon surfaces to generate hierarchical surfaces. Consideration of the Laplace pressure on hydrophobized hierarchical surfaces gives insight into the manner by which contact is established at the liquid/composite surface interface. Light reflectivity from the etched surfaces was also investigated to assess application of these structures to photovoltaic devices.; Superhydrophobic and low light reflectivity silicon surfaces fabricated by hierarchical etching"
000259140200076	X	"Strain sensors based on individual ZnO piezoelectric fine-wires (PFWs; nanowires, microwires) have been fabricated by a simple, reliable, and cost-effective technique. The electromechanical sensor device consists of a single electrically connected PFW that is placed on the outer surface of a flexible polystyrene (PS) substrate and bonded at its two ends. The entire device is fully packaged by a polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) thin layer. The PFW has Schottky contacts at its two ends but with distinctly different barrier heights. The I-V characteristic is highly sensitive to strain mainly due to the change in Schottky barrier height (SBH), which scales linear with strain. The change in SBH is suggested owing to the strain induced band structure change and piezoelectric effect. The experimental data can be well-described by the thermionic emission-diffusion model. A gauge factor of as high as 1250 has been demonstrated, which is 25% higher than the best gauge factor demonstrated for carbon nanotubes. The strain sensor developed here has applications in strain and stress measurements in cell biology, biomedical sciences, MEMS devices, structure monitoring, and more.; Flexible piezotronic strain sensor"
000259183200016	X	"Telomere maintenance by telomerase is critical for the unlimited division potential of most human cancer cells. The two essential components of human telomerase, telomerase RNA (hTR) and telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT), are recruited from distinct subnuclear sites to telomeres during S phase. Throughout the remainder of the cell cycle hTR is found primarily in Cajal bodies. The localization of hTR to Cajal bodies and telomeres is specific to cancer cells where telomerase is active and is not observed in primary cells. Here we show that the trafficking of hTR to both telomeres and Cajal bodies depends on hTERT. RNA interference-mediated depletion of hTERT in cancer cells leads to loss of hTR from both Cajal bodies and telomeres without affecting hTR levels. In addition, expression of hTERT in telomerase-negative cells (including primary and ALT cancer cell lines) induces hTR to localize to both sites. Factors that did not stimulate hTR localization in our experiments include increased hTR RNA levels and Cajal body numbers, and expression of SV40 large T antigen and oncogenic Ras. Our findings suggest that the trafficking of telomerase to Cajal bodies and telomeres in cancer cells correlates with and depends on the assembly of the enzyme.; Telomerase reverse transcriptase is required for the localization of telomerase RNA to Cajal bodies and telomeres in human cancer cells"
000259188700048	X	"We propose a mechanism for the quenching of the Shubnikov-de Haas oscillations and the quantum Hall effect observed in epitaxial graphene. Experimental data show that the scattering time of the conduction electron is magnetic field dependent and of the order of the cyclotron orbit period, i.e., it can be much smaller than the zero field scattering time. Our scenario involves the extraordinary graphene n=0 Landau level of the uncharged layers which is pinned at the Fermi level. We find that the coupling between this n=0 Landau level and the conducting states of the doped plane leads to a scattering mechanism having the right magnitude to explain the experimental data.; Quenching of the quantum Hall effect in multilayered epitaxial graphene: The role of undoped planes"
000259192500002	X	"This paper demonstrates the first packaged microelectromechanical systems-based phase shifter using high-pass/low-pass circuit topology. The device was fabricated with a process resembling available low-cost commercial Si and SiGe processes, and demonstrates an average loss of 4.5 dB with an rms phase error better than 10 degrees for 8-12 GHz. Thermal compression bonding is used to package the phase shifter with hermeticity confirmed by Military Standard 883G, Method 1014.12. The total shifter area is 9.2 mm(2). Performance is compared to and found competitive with phase shifters using more expensive GaAs and BST technologies, which are less easily used in system-on-chip applications.; A packaged MEMS-based 5-bit X-band high-pass/low-pass phase shifter"
000259347800043	X	Extremely thin extend layers of graphene are readily grown epitaxially on single crystal silicon carbide surfaces. This material can be patterned using microelectronics lithography methods to produce all-graphene interconnected device structures. The current status of this new field of electronics is presented including the properties of several patterned devices like Hall bars and top and side gated FETs. The important role of pi electrons and their non-conventional properties of this electronic material warrants the designation of pionics for this new field of graphene-based electronics.; Pionics: the emerging science and technology of graphene-based nanoelectronics
000259379400018	X	"Objective: The goal of this study was to characterize the proteoglycan (PG) production and processing by bone marrow stromal cells (BMSCs) within a tissue engineered construct. Methods: Bovine BMSCs and articular chondrocytes (ACs) were isolated from an immature calf, seeded into agarose gels, and cultured up to 32 days in the presence of TGF-beta 1. The localization of various PGs was examined by immunofluorescence and histological staining. The role of proteolytic enzymes in construct development was further investigated by examining the effects of aggrecanase and MMP inhibitors on PG accumulation, aggrecan processing, and construct mechanics. Results: BMSCs developed a matrix rich in sulfated-glycosaminoglycans (sGAG) and full-length aggrecan, but had low levels of versican. The BMSC constructs had less collagen II and aggrecan compared to the AC constructs cultured under identical conditions. AC constructs also had high levels of pericellular collagen VI, while BMSCs had a pericellular matrix containing little collagen VI and greater levels of decorin, biglycan, and fibronectin. Treatment with the aggrecanase inhibitor did not affect sGAG accumulation or the dynamic moduli of the BMSC constructs. The MMP inhibitor slightly but significantly inhibited sGAG accumulation and lowered the dynamic moduli of BMSC constructs. Conclusions: The results of this preliminary study indicate that long-term culture of BMSCs with TGF-beta 1 promotes the development of an aggrecan-rich matrix characteristic of native articular cartilage; however, BMSCs accumulate significantly lower levels of sGAG and assemble distinct pericellular microenvironments compared to ACs. PG turnover does not appear to play a major role in the development of tissue engineered cartilage constructs by BMSCs. (C) 2008 Osteoarthritis Research Society International. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Characterization of proteoglycan production and processing by chondrocytes and BMSCs in tissue engineered constructs"
000259413000015	X	"We introduce single angle-of-incidence (SAI) ellipsometry [U.S. patent application 20070024850 (14 July 2006)] as a technique to completely identify, i.e., totally characterize, film-substrate systems. We show that only one measurement of the ellipsometric function p at one angle of incidence and one wavelength is totally sufficient to determine the optical constant of the film N-1, its thickness d, and the substrate's optical constant N-2. Obviously, it is also sufficient for characterizing only the film, determining N-1 and d, and for characterizing only the substrate, determining N-2 and d, as well as for characterizing only bare substrates. An inverse genetic algorithm (IGA) for complete identification is presented that is based on a physical condition of the transparent-film-absorbing-substrate system. This IGA is used to identify the film-substrate system in four separate cases. We show that removing the film thickness from the fitness function of the genetic algorithm and using the defined optimum population size to characterize the film reduces the computational effort from 20,000 to 69 fitness-function calculations; the number of calculations to characterize an absorbing layer is reduced from 80,000 to 180. This is a very significant reduction and is very welcome in real-time applications. An error analysis is presented that shows that the IGA is resilient to, not affected by, random experimental errors and that it gives very good results in the presence of both random and systematic errors of the ellipsometer system. Experimental results are given that also prove the robustness, stability, and high accuracy of the method. We present data only for the SiO2-Si film-substrate system, but the IGA works for any film-substrate system, physical or not. (C) 2008 Optical Society of America.; Single-angle-of-incidence ellipsometry"
000259469300004	X	"Neuropeptide Y (NPY) regulates acute ethanol sensitivity and voluntary alcohol consumption in rodents. In Drosophila melanogaster, NPY-like neuropeptide F (NPF) and its receptor NPFR1 display a parallel function, suggesting that an evolutionarily conserved mechanism may underlie similar behavioral effects of ethanol in diverse organisms. We have used the fly model to uncover novel genes and molecular pathways important for acute ethanol response. Here we report a critical role of the conserved protein kinase C (PKC) pathway in mediating the intoxicating effect of ethanol. Flies expressing a pseudo-substrate inhibitor of PKC, directed by npf-gal4, displayed decreased ethanol sensitivity. Furthermore, the RNA interference analysis suggests that a calcium-independent PKC isoform (PKC98E, related to mammalian novel PKCs) is largely responsible for the behavioral phenotype. Finally, we provide evidence that the NPF/PKC-dependent mechanism selectively affects acute sensitivity but not rapid tolerance to ethanol intoxication. These findings reveal an uncharacterized role of PKC in NPY/NPF-mediated acute ethanol sensitivity in flies and possibly mammals. (C) 2008 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; A protein kinase C activity localized to neuropeptide Y-like neurons mediates ethanol intoxication in Drosophila melanogaster"
000259670700006	X	"A novel parallel-plate bioreactor has been shown to modulate the mechanical and biochemical properties of engineered cartilage by the application of fluid-induced shear stress. Flow or perfusion bioreactors may improve tissue development via enhanced transport of nutrients or gases as well as the application of mechanical stimuli, or a combination of these factors. The goal of this study was to complement observed experimental responses to flow by simulating oxygen transport within cartilage constructs of different thicknesses (250 mu m or 1 mm). Using numerical computation of convection-diffusion equations, the evaluation of the tissue oxygenation is performed. Four culture conditions are defined based on tissue thickness and flow rates ranging from 0 to similar to 25 mL min(-1). Under these experimental conditions results show a mean oxygen concentration within the tissue varying from 0.01 to 0.19 mol m(-3) as a function of the tissue thickness and the magnitude of the applied shear stress. More generally, the influence of shear stress varying (via flow rate modification) from 10(-3) to 10 dynes cm(-2) on the tissue oxygenation is studied. The influence on the results of important physical parameters such as the maximal oxygen consumption rate of cells is discussed. Lastly, the importance of oxygen concentration in the lower chamber and its relevance to tissue oxygenation are highlighted by the model results.; Theoretical analysis of engineered cartilage oxygenation: influence of construct thickness and media flow rate"
000259693800019	X	"This paper demonstrates a metal-organic thin-film encapsulation technique based on the photolithography of multiple layers of positive-tone photo-definable polymer. This encapsulation process, performed at low temperatures (< 110 degrees C) in a standard basic developer, leaves no residue. Piezoelectrically-actuated length-extensional bulk acoustic wave resonators were successfully encapsulated for a proof-of-concept demonstration. Blanket metallization can lead to complete sealing, which helps exclude moisture and particles from sensitive MEMS devices such as high frequency resonators, RF filters and inertial transducers.; Metal-organic thin-film encapsulation for MEMS"
000259760100012	X	"Using first-principles calculations within density functional theory, we have investigated the electronic properties of H-passivated Si nanowires (SiNWs) oriented along the 112 direction, with the atomic geometries retrieved via global search using genetic algorithm. We show that [112] SiNWs have an indirect band gap in the ultrathin diameter regime, whereas the energy difference between the direct and indirect fundamental band gaps progressively decreases as the wire size increases, indicating that larger [112] SiNWs could have a quasi-direct band gap. We further show that this quasi-direct gap feature can be enhanced when applying uniaxial compressive stress along the wire axis. Moreover, our calculated results also reveal that the electronic band structure is sensitive to the change of the aspect ratio of the cross sections.; Size- and strain-dependent electronic structures in H-passivated Si [112] nanowires"
000259874700001	X	"We propose a sample average approximation (SAA) method for stochastic programming problems with expected value constraints. Such problems arise, for example, in portfolio selection with constraints on conditional value-at-risk (CVaR). We provide a convergence analysis and a statistical validation scheme for the proposed method. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Sample average approximation of expected value constrained stochastic programs"
000259965000065	X	"We investigate the ultrafast relaxation dynamics of hot Dirac fermionic quasiparticles in multilayer epitaxial graphene using ultrafast optical differential transmission spectroscopy. We observe differential transmission spectra which are well described by interband transitions with no electron-hole interaction. Following the initial thermalization and emission of high-energy phonons, the electron cooling is determined by electron-acoustic phonon scattering, found to occur on the time scale of 1 ps for highly doped layers, and 4-11 ps in undoped layers. The spectra also provide strong evidence for the multilayer structure and doping profile of thermally grown epitaxial graphene on SiC.; Ultrafast Relaxation of Excited Dirac Fermions in Epitaxial Graphene Using Optical Differential Transmission Spectroscopy"
000259975200002	X	"The nematode Caenorhabditis elegans has emerged as an important animal model in various fields including neurobiology, developmental biology, and genetics. Characteristics of this animal model that have contributed to its success include its genetic manipulability, invariant and fully described developmental program, well-characterized genome, ease of maintenance, short and prolific life cycle, and small body size. These same features have led to an increasing use of C. elegans in toxicology, both for mechanistic studies and high-throughput screening approaches. We describe some of the research that has been carried out in the areas of neurotoxicology, genetic toxicology, and environmental toxicology, as well as high-throughput experiments with C. elegans including genome-wide screening for molecular targets of toxicity and rapid toxicity assessment for new chemicals. We argue for an increased role for C. elegans in complementing other model systems in toxicological research.; Caenorhabditis elegans: An emerging model in biomedical and environmental toxicology"
000260368900010	X	"We consider the problem of maximizing the long-run average reward in a service facility with dynamic pricing. We investigate sensitivity of optimal pricing policies to the parameters of the service facility which is modelled as an M / M / s / K queueing system. Arrival process to the facility is Poisson with arrival rate a decreasing function of the price currently being charged by the facility. We prove structural results on the optimal pricing policies when the parameters in the facility change. Namely, we show that optimal prices decrease when the capacity of the facility or the number of servers in the facility increase. Under a reasonable assumption, we also show that optimal prices increase as the overall demand for the service provided by the facility increases or when the service rate of the facility decreases. We illustrate how these structural results simplify the required computational effort while finding the optimal policy. (C) 2008 Published by Elsevier B.V.; Sensitivity of optimal prices to system parameters in a steady-state service facility"
000260464800013	X	"Hemodynamic forces, specifically fluid shear stress, play an important role in the focal nature of arterial plaque formation known as atherosclerosis. We hereby developed biocompatible and flexible intravascular microelectromechanical systems sensor to measure real-time shear stress in the aortas of New Zealand White (NZW) rabbits. Titanium (Ti) and platinum (Pt) were deposited on silicon wafers and patterned to form the sensing elements. The polymer, parylene C, provided insulation to the electrode leads and flexibility to the sensors. Based on heat transfer principle, the heat dissipation from the sensors to the blood flow altered the resistance of the sensing elements, from which shear stress was calibrated. The resistance of the sensing element was measured at approximately 1.0 k Omega, and the temperature coefficient of resistance was at approximately 0.16%/degrees C. The individual sensors were packaged to the catheter for intravascular deployment in the aortas of NZW rabbits (n = 5). The sensor was capable of resolving spatial- and time-varying components of shear stress in the abdominal aorta. Computational fluid dynamic code based on non-Newtonian fluid properties showed comparable results within an acceptable range of experimental errors (+/- 9%) for the maximal and minimal values in shear stress during one cardiac cycle. Therefore, we demonstrated the capability of biocompatible sensors for real-time shear stress measurement in vivo with a potential to advance the understanding between the blood flow and vascular disease.; Flexible Polymer Sensors for In Vivo Intravascular Shear Stress Analysis"
000260554100007	X	"Given a finite collection of estimators or classifiers, we study the problem of model selection type aggregation, that is, we construct a new estimator or classifier, called aggregate, which is nearly as good as the best among them with respect to a given risk criterion. We define our aggregate by a simple recursive procedure which solves an auxiliary stochastic linear programming problem related to the original nonlinear one and constitutes a special case of the mirror averaging algorithm. We show that the aggregate satisfies sharp oracle inequalities under some general assumptions. The results are applied to several problems including regression, classification and density estimation.; LEARNING BY MIRROR AVERAGING"
000260804500041	X	"This paper presents the characterization and modeling of a permanent-magnet(PM) microgenerator operating at high temperatures. Due to the thermal dependence of the relevant properties of the conductor and magnetic materials, degradation of the output electrical power with increased temperature is expected. Each material of the PM microgenerator is magnetically or electrically characterized up to 375 degrees C. For a rotor designed for high temperature operation using SmCo magnets, 2.7 W of DC power has been obtained at 100 degrees C and 210,000 rpm, which is a 35% drop as compared to the output power at room temperature. This result is in good agreement with theory. Calculations showed that this PM generator is capable of 2.4 W of DC output power at an operating temperature of 300 degrees C if the rotational speed is increased up to the 300,000 rpm, as achieved with previous room temperature devices. This work demonstrates that MEMS-based permanent-magnet microgenerators; are good candidates as a component of a heat-engine-driven electrical power generation system. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; High temperature operation of multi-watt, axial-flux, permanent-magnet microgenerators"
000260849600009	X	"We study approximations of optimization problems with probabilistic constraints in which the original distribution of the underlying random vector is replaced with an empirical distribution obtained from a random sample. We show that such a sample approximation problem with a risk level larger than the required risk level will yield a lower bound to the true optimal value with probability approaching one exponentially fast. This leads to an a priori estimate of the sample size required to have high confidence that the sample approximation will yield a lower bound. We then provide conditions under which solving a sample approximation problem with a risk level smaller than the required risk level will yield feasible solutions to the original problem with high probability. Once again, we obtain a priori estimates on the sample size required to obtain high confidence that the sample approximation problem will yield a feasible solution to the original problem. Finally, we present numerical illustrations of how these results can be used to obtain feasible solutions and optimality bounds for optimization problems with probabilistic constraints.; A SAMPLE APPROXIMATION APPROACH FOR OPTIMIZATION WITH PROBABILISTIC CONSTRAINTS"
000260944100112	X	"From temperature dependent studies of pentacene/C(60) solar cells in the dark, the reverse saturation current is found to be thermally activated with a barrier height that corresponds to the difference in energy between the highest occupied molecular orbital of the donor and the lowest unoccupied molecular orbital of the acceptor corrected for vacuum level misalignments and the presence of charge-transfer states. From the reverse saturation current in the dark and the short-circuit current under illumination, the open-circuit voltage can be predicted. Examination of several donor materials supports the relationship between reverse saturation current, this barrier height, and open-circuit voltage.; Origin of the open-circuit voltage in multilayer heterojunction organic solar cells"
000260963900016	X	"Superconductivity-induced phase-controlled mesoscopic magnetic effects in a two-dimensional electron gas that bridges two superconducting reservoirs are investigated. Giant paramagnetic response of the junction, occurring at certain values of the phase difference of the order parameter, is predicted. A geometrically similar system, consisting of a graphene ribbon stretched between two superconducting leads, is also considered. The magnetic effects in this system are found to be small, and the difference between the magnetic properties of the two systems is discussed. (C) 2008 American Institute of Physics. [DOI: 10.1063/1.3006395]; Giant magnetization of a superconductor-two-dimensional electron gas-superconductor structure"
000261164000023	X	"Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a major cause of morbidity in infants, young children, and the elderly worldwide. Currently, there is no effective vaccine, and antiviral drugs to control infection are limited. RNA interference is a powerful tool amenable to development of antiviral drugs. Using small interfering RNA (siRNA) targeting the RSV P gene (siRNA-P), RSV replication can be silenced both in vitro and in a BALB/c model of RSV infection. In this study, we examine the effect of siRNA prophylaxis on the primary and memory immune response to RSV infection in mice. We show that mice prophylactically treated with siRNA-P to decrease but not eliminate RSV replication exhibit reduced pulmonary inflammation and lung pathogenesis and produce a robust anti-RSV memory response when subsequently challenged with RSV. The pulmonary T-cell memory response was characterized by high numbers of CD44(hi) CD62L(lo) CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells, M2 peptide tetramer(+) CD8(+) T cells expressing gamma interferon, and an RSV-specific antibody response. The results support the hypothesis that siRNAs can be developed as effective antiviral drugs that can be used to reduce the viral load and parameters of pathogenesis without limiting the induction of the memory immune response.; RNA Interference Inhibits Respiratory Syncytial Virus Replication and Disease Pathogenesis without Inhibiting Priming of the Memory Immune Response"
000261214400048	X	"We show that exchange interactions in two-dimensional electron gases out of equilibrium can generate a fictitious vector potential with intriguing signatures in interference and Hall measurements. Detailed predictions are made for graphene, where the effect is enhanced by pseudospin exchange.; Nonequilibrium Effective Vector Potential due to Pseudospin Exchange in Graphene"
000261215400089	X	"We present a structural analysis of the graphene-4HSiC(0001) interface using surface x-ray reflectivity. We find that the interface is composed of an extended reconstruction of two SiC bilayers. The interface directly below the first graphene sheet is an extended layer that is more than twice the thickness of a bulk SiC bilayer (similar to 1.7 A compared to 0.63 A). The distance from this interface layer to the first graphene sheet is much smaller than the graphite interlayer spacing but larger than the same distance measured for graphene grown on the (0001) surface, as predicted previously by ab initio calculations.; Interface structure of epitaxial graphene grown on 4H-SiC(0001)"
000261262000065	X	"microRNAs (miRNA) are recognized as regulators of gene expression during development and cell differentiation as well as biomarkers of disease. Development of rapid and sensitive miRNA profiling methods is essential for evaluating the pattern of miRNA expression that varies across normal and diseased states. The ability to identify miRNA expression patterns is limited to cumbersome assays that often lack sensitivity and specificity to distinguish between different miRNA families and members. We evaluated a surface-enhanced Raman scattering (SERS) platform for detection and classification of miRNAs. The strength of the SERS-based sensor is its sensitivity to detect extremely low levels of analyte and specificity to provide the molecular fingerprint of the analyte. We show that the SERS spectra of related and unrelated miRNAs can be detected in near-real time, that detection is sequence dependent, and that SERS spectra can be used to classify miRNA patterns with high accuracy. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Rapid microRNA (miRNA) detection and classification via surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS)"
000261353301114	X	"In spite of the fact that electromagnetic band gap (EBG) structures have become very important part for switching noise management in mixed-signal systems, antenna applications, and filter applications, there has been no design tool for EBG structures. Consequently, electromagnetic (EM) simulation has been iterated to design an EBG structure for a given design specification. As a result, designing EBG structures has been computationally expensive as well as time consuming. This paper presents a design tool for EBG structures in mixed signal applications where digital is combined with RF. The suggested design tool has been fully automated by combining genetic algorithm (GA), multilayer finite-difference method (M-FDM), and dispersion diagram analysis method together.; Automated Tool for Electromagnetic Band Gap (EBG) Synthesis in Mixed Signal Applications"
000261398400014	X	"In many prokaryotes, noncoding RNAs that arise from the clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeat (CRISPR) loci are now thought to mediate defense against viruses and other molecular invaders by an RNAi-like pathway. CRISPR loci contain multiple short regions of similarity to invader sequences separated by short repeat sequences, and are associated with resistance to infection by corresponding viruses. It is hypothesized that RNAs derived from these regions, termed prokaryotic silencing (psi) RNAs, guide Slicer-like complexes of partner proteins to destroy invader nucleic acids. Here we have investigated CRISPR-derived RNAs in the archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus. Northern analysis revealed multiple RNA species consistent with a proposed biogenesis pathway that includes full-length CRISPR locus transcripts and intermediates generated by endonucleolytic cleavages within the repeat sequences. However, our results identify the principal products of the CRISPR loci as small psiRNAs comprised primarily of invader-targeting sequence with perhaps only 5-10 nucleotides of CRISPR repeat sequence. These RNAs are the most abundant CRISPR RNA species in P. furiosus and are likely the guides for the effector complexes of the proposed prokaryotic RNAi (pRNAi) system. We analyzed cell-free extracts fractionated under non-denaturing conditions and found that the various CRISPR RNA species are components of distinct RNA-protein complexes, including at least two complexes that contain mature-length psiRNAs. Finally, RNAs are produced from all seven CRISPR loci present in the P. furiosus genome, and interestingly, the most recently acquired psiRNAs encoded proximal to the leader sequence of a CRISPR locus appear to be the most abundant.; Prokaryotic silencing (psi) RNAs in Pyrococcus furiosus"
000261403500016	X	"Over the past 20 years, tissue engineering (TE) has evolved into a thriving research and commercial development field. However, applying TE strategies to musculoskeletal (MSK) and craniofacial tissues has been particularly challenging since these tissues must also transmit loads during activities of daily living. To address this need, organizers invited a small group of bioengineers, surgeons, biologists, and material scientists from academia, industry, and government to participate in a 2 1/2-day conference to develop general and tissue-specific criteria for evaluating new concepts and tissue-engineered constructs, including threshold values of success. Participants were assigned to four breakout groups representing commonly injured tissues, including tendon and ligament, articular cartilage, meniscus and temporomandibular joint, and bone and intervertebral disc. Working in multidisciplinary teams, participants first carefully defined one or two important unmet clinical needs for each tissue type, including current standards of care and the potential impact of TE solutions. The groups then sought to identify important parameters for evaluating repair outcomes in preclinical studies and to specify minimally acceptable values for these parameters. The importance of in vitro TE studies was then discussed in the context of these preclinical studies. Where data were not currently available from clinical, preclinical, or culture studies, the groups sought to identify important areas of preclinical research needed to speed the development process. This report summarizes the findings of the conference.; Evaluation Criteria for Musculoskeletal and Craniofacial Tissue Engineering Constructs: A Conference Report"
000261429000023	X	"The most potent peanut allergens, Ara h 2 and Ara h 6, were silenced in transgenic plants by RNA interference. Three independent transgenic lines were recovered after microprojectile bombardment, of which two contained single, integrated copies of the transgene. The third line contained multiple copies of the transgene. Ara h 2 expression was significantly suppressed in all three lines, whereas Ara In 6 was reduced in two lines. Expression of peanut allergens Ara h 1 and Ara h 3 was not noticeably affected. Significant reduction of human IgE binding to Ara h 2 and Ara h 6 also was observed. Seed weight and germination data from transgenic and nontransgenic segregants showed no significant differences. Data collected from in vitro Aspergillus flavus infection indicate no significant difference in fungal growth between the transgenic lines and the nontransgenic controls. These data suggest that silencing Ara h 2 and Ara h 6 is a feasible approach to produce hypoallergenic peanut.; Reduction of IgE Binding and Nonpromotion of Aspergillus flavus Fungal Growth by Simultaneously Silencing Ara h 2 and Ara h 6 in Peanut"
000261616600010	X	"This paper presents the design, fabrication, and characterization of millimeter-scale rotary electromagnetic generators. The axial-flux synchronous machines consist of a three-phase microfabricated surface-wound copper coil and a multipole permanent-magnet (PM) rotor measuring 2 mm in diameter. Several machines with various geometries and numbers of magnetic poles and turns per pole are designed and compared. Moreover, the use of different PM materials is investigated. Multipole magnetic rotors are modeled using finite element analysis to analyze magnetic field distributions. In operation, the rotor is spun above the microfabricated stator coils using an off-the-shelf air-driven turbine. As a result of design choices, the generators present different levels of operating frequency and electrical output power. The four-pole six-turn/pole NdFeB generator exhibits up to 6.6 mW(rms) of ac electrical power across a resistive load at a rotational speed of 392 000 r/min. This milliwatt-scale power generation indicates the feasibility of such ultrasmall machines for low-power applications.; Ultraminiaturized High-Speed Permanent-Magnet Generators for Milliwatt-Level Power Generation"
000261895200013	X	"This paper presents a low-loss, substrate-independent approach to integrate transceiver front-ends for 60-GHz wireless applications. Dielectric loss is eliminated by using polymer and bulk silicon micromachining technologies to create a cavity-based duplexer and a horn antenna in the air, above the substrate. A coplanar waveguide input is used for easy integration of the low-noise amplifier and power amplifier of the receiver and transmitter, respectively, with the micromachined passive module. A prototype is designed, fabricated, and characterized, with the transmit band (TX) set between 58.7-59.5 GHz and the receive band (RX) as 60.6-61.4 GHz. The proposed method offers an easy integration of both planar components and 3-D integrated modules on top of the substrate.; A Low-Loss Substrate-Independent Approach for 60-GHz Transceiver Front-End Integration Using Micromachining Technologies"
000261922400003	X	"Sustained release systems have been developed for the use of growth factors in tissue engineering applications. However, many of these systems continue to have limitations associated with low loading efficiencies and reduced biological activity after release. In this paper, we utilized a lipid-based microtube system for the sustained release of BMP-2. The lipid microtubes were fabricated using a self-assembly method, in order to avoid the use of harsh organic solvents that may damage the protein. BMP-2 was loaded into the microtubes by rehydrating dried microtubes in the protein solution. The loading efficiency and release kinetics of BMP-2 in the microtubes were measured using in vitro immunoassays. Loading efficiency was found to be dependent on microtube concentration. The potential for this system to deliver biologically active BMP-2 was assessed using the alkaline phosphatase assay and von Kossa staining on human mesenchymal stem cell cultures. The results demonstrate that the lipid microtube system is able to provide sustained delivery of biologically active BMP-2 and thereby induce osteogenic differentiation. (C) 2008 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Sustained release of BMP-2 in a lipid-based microtube vehicle"
000262110400012	X	"An RNA-based gene silencing pathway that protects bacteria and archaea from viruses and other genome invaders is hypothesized to arise from guide RNAs encoded by CRISPR loci and proteins encoded by the cas genes. CRISPR loci contain multiple short invader-derived sequences separated by short repeats. The presence of virus-specific sequences within CRISPR loci of prokaryotic genomes confers resistance against corresponding viruses. The CRISPR loci are transcribed as long RNAs that must be processed to smaller guide RNAs. Here we identified Pyrococcus furiosus Cas6 as a novel endoribonuclease that cleaves CRISPR RNAs within the repeat sequences to release individual invader targeting RNAs. Cas6 interacts with a specific sequence motif in the 5' region of the CRISPR repeat element and cleaves at a defined site within the 3' region of the repeat. The 1.8 angstrom crystal structure of the enzyme reveals two ferredoxin-like folds that are also found in other RNA-binding proteins. The predicted active site of the enzyme is similar to that of tRNA splicing endonucleases, and concordantly, Cas6 activity is metal-independent. cas6 is one of the most widely distributed CRISPR-associated genes. Our findings indicate that Cas6 functions in the generation of CRISPR-derived guide RNAs in numerous bacteria and archaea.; Cas6 is an endoribonuclease that generates guide RNAs for invader defense in prokaryotes"
000262247100079	X	"Multilayer epitaxial graphene is investigated using far infrared transmission experiments in the different limits of low magnetic fields and high temperatures. The cyclotron-resonance-like absorption is observed at low temperature in magnetic fields below 50 mT, probing the nearest vicinity of the Dirac point. The carrier mobility is found to exceed 250 000 cm(2)/(V center dot s). In the limit of high temperatures, the well-defined Landau level quantization is observed up to room temperature at magnetic fields below 1 T, a phenomenon unusual in solid state systems. A negligible increase in the width of the cyclotron resonance lines with increasing temperature indicates that no important scattering mechanism is thermally activated.; Approaching the Dirac Point in High-Mobility Multilayer Epitaxial Graphene"
000262357800043	X	"In this report, the specific contact resistance between a thin film single wall carbon nanotube electrode and a deposited silver contact was measured. The specific contact resistance was found to be 20 m Omega cm(2), which is an order of magnitude higher than typically observed in standard Si photovoltaic technology. We demonstrate that when utilized as the transparent anode in organic photovoltaics, the specific contact resistance has the potential to induce non-negligible resistive power losses. Thus, specific contact resistance will adversely affect the performance of these systems and should therefore be addressed.; Specific contact resistance at metal/carbon nanotube interfaces"
000262480000006	X	"This paper presents Single Pole Double Throw (SP2T) and Single Pole Four Throw (SP4T) switches using piezoelectric micro-electro-mechanical (MEMS) switches measured from DC to 50 GHz. The overall performance of the switches shows better than 20 dB isolation up to 50 GHz when the MEMS switches are in the off or zero volt state. When the switches are actuated with 7 V, the SP2T shows less than 1.8 dB of insertion loss while the SP4T shows less than 2 dB of insertion loss, on average, up to 40 GHz In addition, an undercut in the device is introduced in the junction region of the switches to allow for increased power handling and the response shows negligible change compared to the original switch design.; A SP2T and a SP4T Switch using Low Loss Piezoelectric MEMS"
000262480000205	X	"For the first time, the effects of dielectric film thickness in the dielectric charging process of RF MEMS capacitive switches is presented. Both MEMS switches and NUM capacitors are used to investigate charging phenomena. The contribution of charge injection and dipole orientation has been identified. An empirical law that allows the prediction of stored charge on the film thickness was drawn. Above room temperature, the dependence of thermally stimulated depolarization current on a certain activation energy that is independent of dielectric film thickness allows the inclusion of this behavior in modeling tools.; Effect of Dielectric Film Thickness on Dielectric Charging of RF MEMS Capacitive Switches"
000262570400014	X	"Purpose. This study tested the hypothesis that hollow microneedles can infuse solutions containing soluble molecules, nanoparticles, and microparticles into sclera in a minimally invasive manner. Methods. Individual hollow microneedles were inserted into, but not across, human cadaver sclera and aqueous solutions containing sulforhodamine or fluorescently tagged nanoparticles or microparticles were infused into sclera at constant pressure. The infused volume of fluid was measured and imaged histologically as a function of scleral thickness, infusion pressure, needle retraction depth and the presence of spreading enzymes (hyaluronidase and collagenase). Results. Individual hollow microneedles were able to insert into sclera. Fluid infusion was extremely slow after microneedle insertion into the sclera without retraction, but partial retraction of the microneedle over a distance of 200-300 mu m enabled infusion of 10-35 mu l of fluid into the tissue. Scleral thickness and infusion pressure had insignificant effects on fluid delivery. Nanoparticle suspensions were also delivered into sclera, but microparticles were delivered only in the presence of hyaluronidase and collagenase spreading enzymes, which suggested the role of scleral glycosaminoglycans and collagen fibers as rate-limiting barriers. Conclusion. This study shows that hollow microneedles can infuse solutions into the sclera for minimally invasive delivery of soluble molecules, nanoparticles and microparticles.; Intrascleral Drug Delivery to the Eye Using Hollow Microneedles"
000262575900007	X	"The Very High Efficiency Solar Cell (VHESC) program is developing integrated optical system-PV modules for portable applications that operate at greater than 50% efficiency. We are integrating the optical design with the solar cell design, and have entered previously unoccupied design space. Our approach is driven by proven quantitative models for the solar cell design, the optical design, and the integration of these designs. Optical systems efficiency with an optical efficiency of 93% and solar cell device results under ideal dichroic splitting optics summing to 42.7 +/- 2.5% are described. Copyright (c) 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.; Very High Efficiency Solar Cell Modules"
000262599000022	X	"Real world job shops have to contend with jobs due on different days, material ready times that vary, reentrant workflows and sequence-dependent setup times. The problem is even more complex because businesses often judge solution goodness according to multiple competing criteria. Producing an optimal solution would be time consuming to the point of rendering the result meaningless. Commonly used heuristics such as shortest processing time (SPT) and earliest due date (EDD) can be used to calculate a feasible schedule quickly, but Usually do not produce schedules that are close to optimal in these job shop environments. We demonstrate that genetic algorithms (GA) can be used to produce solutions in times comparable to common heuristics but closer to optimal. Changing criteria or their relative weights does not affect the running time, nor does it require programming changes. Therefore, a CA can be easily applied and modified for a variety of production optimization criteria in a job shop environment that includes sequence-dependent setup times. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Multi-criteria sequence-dependent job shop scheduling using genetic algorithms"
000262649400005	X	Most visual screens based on fluorescent markers are currently limited in throughput and accuracy. Here we present the first genetic screen of a mutagenized population of C. elegans in a microfluidic device. Animal handling streamlined by a microfluidic device and intuitive control software enabled the identification of novel mutants and a large screening speed.; Computer-enhanced high-throughput genetic screens of C. elegans in a microfluidic system
000262684600005	X	"Our laboratory is currently exploring synthetic oligo(poly(ethylene glycol)fumarate) (OPF)-based biomaterials as a means to deliver fibroblasts to promote regeneration of central/partial defects in tendons and ligaments. In order to further modulate the swelling and degradative characteristics of OPF-based hydrogels, OPF crosslinking via a radically initiated, mixed-mode reaction involving poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG)-diacrylate and PEG-dithiol was investigated. Results demonstrate that mixed-mode hydrogels containing OPF can be formed and that the presence of 20% PEG-dithiol increases swelling and decreases degradation time vs. 10 wt.% PEG-dithiol and non-thiol-containing hydrogels (20% thiol fold swelling 28.7 +/- 0.8; 10% thiol fold swelling 11.6 +/- 1.4; non-thiol 8.7 +/- 0.2; 20% thiol-containing hydrogels degrade within 15 days in vitro). After encapsulation, tendon/ligament fibroblasts remained largely viable over 8 days of static culture. While the presence of PEG-dithiol did not significantly affect cellularity or collagen production within the constructs over this time period, image analysis revealed that the 20% PEG-dithiol gels did appear to promote cell clustering, with greater values for aggregate area observed by day 8. These experiments suggest that mixed-mode OPF-based hydrogels may provide an interesting alternative as a cell carrier for engineering a variety of soft orthopedic tissues, particularly for applications when it is important to encourage cell-cell contact. (c) 2008 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Degradative properties and cytocompatibility of a mixed-mode hydrogel containing oligo[poly(ethylene glycol) fumarate] and poly(ethylene glycol)dithiol"
000262750300012	X	"The extracellular matrix (ECM) exerts powerful control over many cellular phenomena, including stem cell differentiation. As such, design and modulation of ECM analogs to ligate specific integrin is a promising approach to control cellular processes ill vitro and in vivo for regenerative medicine strategies. Although fibronectin (FN), a crucial ECM protein in tissue development and repair, and its RGD peptide are widely used for cell adhesion. the promiscuity with which they engage integrins leads to difficulty in control of receptor-specific interactions. Recent simulations of force-mediated unfolding of FN domains all sequences analysis of human versus mouse FN suggest that the structural stability of the FN's central cell-binding domains (FN 1119-10) affects its integrin specificity. Through production of FN 1119-10 variants with variable stabilities, we obtained ligands that present different specificities for the integrin alpha(5)beta(1) and that can be covalently linked into fibrin matrices. Here, we demonstrate the capacity of 9513, integrin-specific engagement to influence human mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) behavior in 2D and 3D environments. Our data indicate that alpha(5)beta(1), has an important role in the control of MSC osteogenic differentiation. FN fragments with increased specificity for alpha(5)beta(1) versus alpha(v)beta(3) results in significantly enhanced osteogenic differentiation of MSCs in 2D and in a clinically relevant 3D fibrin matrix system, although attachment/spreading and proliferation were comparable with that on full-length FN. This work shows how integrin-dependant cellular interactions with the ECM can be engineered to control stem cell fate, within a system appropriate for both 3D cell Culture and tissue engineering. 2008 (C) Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Controlling integrin specificity and stem cell differentiation in 2D and 3D environments through regulation of fibronectin domain stability"
000262862800046	X	"Telomerase is a ribonucleoprotein ( RNP) complex that synthesizes telomere repeats in tissue progenitor cells and cancer cells. Active human telomerase consists of at least three principal subunits, including the telomerase reverse transcriptase, the telomerase RNA ( TERC), and dyskerin. Here, we identify a holoenzyme subunit, TCAB1 ( telomerase Cajal body protein 1), that is notably enriched in Cajal bodies, nuclear sites of RNP processing that are important for telomerase function. TCAB1 associates with active telomerase enzyme, established telomerase components, and small Cajal body RNAs that are involved in modifying splicing RNAs. Depletion of TCAB1 by using RNA interference prevents TERC from associating with Cajal bodies, disrupts telomerase- telomere association, and abrogates telomere synthesis by telomerase. Thus, TCAB1 controls telomerase trafficking and is required for telomere synthesis in human cancer cells.; A Human Telomerase Holoenzyme Protein Required for Cajal Body Localization and Telomere Synthesis"
000262871300006	X	"Noninvasive monitoring of tissue-engineered constructs is an important component in optimizing construct design and assessing therapeutic efficacy. In recent years, cellular and molecular imaging initiatives have spurred the use of iron oxide-based contrast agents in the field of NMR imaging. Although their use in medical research has been widespread, their application in tissue engineering has been limited. In this study, the utility of monocrystalline iron oxide nanoparticles (MIONs) as an NMR contrast agent was evaluated for beta TC-tet cells encapsulated within alginate/poly-L-lysine/alginate (APA) microbeads. The constructs were labeled with MIONs in two different ways: 1) MION-labeled beta TC-tet cells were encapsulated in APA beads (i.e., intracellular compartment), and 2) MION particles were suspended in the alginate solution prior to encapsulation so that the alginate matrix was labeled with MIONs instead of the cells (i.e., extracellular compartment). The data show that although the location of cells can be identified within APA beads, cell growth or rearrangement within these constructs cannot be effectively monitored, regardless of the location of MION compartmentalization. The advantages and disadvantages of these techniques and their potential use in tissue engineering are discussed. Magn Reson Med 61:282-290, 2009. (c) 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc.; Use of Magnetic Nanoparticles to Monitor Alginate-Encapsulated beta TC-tet Cells"
000263048900009	X	"We report the growth of hierarchical nanostructures on a photo-crosslinked SU-8 surface through alternating layer-by-layer Michael addition reactions between poly(ethyleneimine) (PEI) and dipentaerythritol pentaacrylate (SR399) to generate grafted hyperbranched poly(ester amines) (HPEA). Initial surface treatment with acryloyl chloride (AC) in toluene partially swelled the polymer network, resulting in the formation of ""nano-cranberry"" domes (similar to 100 nm in diameter), whose size and density could be varied by the choice of solvent, concentration, and reaction time of acryloyl chloride. The subsequent layer-by-layer grafting of hyperbranched PEI led to the formation of surfaces evocative of ""nano-strawberries"", ""nano-raspberries"" and ""nano-pineapples"", each of which consisted of similar to 16-21 nm ""nanoseeds"" grown on top of and between the nanodomes. The complexity and coverage of the seeds can be manipulated by the generation and molecular weight of PEI grafts. In contrast, when the crosslinked SU-8 surface was initially treated with (aminopropyl)triethoxy silane (APTES), a smooth surface with uniform coverage of nanomotifs (19.4 +/- 5.6 nm) was obtained, independent of the PEI generation. Because the hierarchical hyperbranched poly(ester amines) ""nanofruits"" are grown from a photopatterned substrate, it will allow us to harness the underlying micropatterns for various applications, including surface wetting, adhesion, and biomimetic mineralization.; Growing ""Nanofruit"" Textures on Photo-Crosslinked SU-8 Surfaces through Layer-by-Layer Grafting of Hyperbranched Poly(Ethyleneimine)"
000263177500001	X	"Background: Chromatin boundaries, also known as insulators, regulate gene activity by organizing active and repressive chromatin domains and modulate enhancer-promoter interactions. However, the mechanisms of boundary action are poorly understood, in part due to our limited knowledge about insulator proteins, and a shortage of standard assays by which diverse boundaries could be compared. Results: We report here the development of an enhancer-blocking assay for studying insulator activity in Drosophila cultured cells. We show that the activities of diverse Drosophila insulators including suHw, SF1, SF1b, Fab7 and Fab8 are supported in these cells. We further show that double stranded RNA (dsRNA)-mediated knockdown of SuHw and dCTCF factors disrupts the enhancer-blocking function of suHw and Fab8, respectively, thereby establishing the effectiveness of using RNA interference in our cell-based assay for probing insulator function. Conclusion: The novel boundary assay provides a quantitative and efficient method for analyzing insulator mechanism and can be further exploited in genome-wide RNAi screens for insulator components. It provides a useful tool that complements the transgenic and genetic approaches for studying this important class of regulatory elements.; Analysis of chromatin boundary activity in Drosophila cells"
000263252100013	X	"The ability to exploit angiogenesis and vascularization as a therapeutic strategy will be of enormous benefit to a wide range of medical and tissue-engineering applications. Angiogenic growth factor and cell-based therapies have thus far failed to produce a robust healing response in clinical trials for a variety of ischemic diseases, while engineered tissue substitutes are still size-limited by a lack of vascularization. The purpose of this review is to investigate current research advances in therapeutic vascularization strategies applied to ischemic disease states, tissue engineering and regenerative medicine. Recent advances are discussed that focus on better regulation of growth factor delivery and attempts to better mimic natural processes by delivering combinations of multiple growth factors, cells and bioactive materials in the right spatial and temporal setting. Some unconventional approaches and novel therapeutic targets that hold significant potential are also discussed.; Update on therapeutic vascularization strategies"
000263271900003	X	"The past ten years have witnessed the emergence of a new set of tools, combinatorial and high-throughput screening, in polymeric biomaterials development. These tools, developed initially in the drug-discovery industry, and later applied to catalysts and inorganic materials, allow orders of magnitude increases in the rate of exploration and characterization of new materials. This feature article covers recent examples of high-throughput and combinatorial studies of biofunctional polymers. Biofunctional polymers exhibit chemistry or physical properties specifically designed to function in a biological context. Examples include polymers with unique binding affinities or surface physical properties for gene and drug delivery, tissue engineering scaffolds, anti-fouling and anti-bacterial coatings, and biocatalytic applications.; Advances in combinatorial and high-throughput screening of biofunctional polymers for gene delivery, tissue engineering and anti-fouling coatings"
000263383700006	X	"An injectable hydrogel composite consisting of oligo(poly(ethylene glycol)fumarate) (OPF) and gelatin microparticles has been developed as a novel carrier system for cells and growth factors. Rabbit marrow mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) and gelatin microparticles (MPs) loaded with insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1), transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1), or a combination of both growth factors were mixed with OPF, a poly(ethylene glycol)-diacrylate crosslinker and the radical initiators ammonium persulfate and N,N,N',N'-tetramethylethylenediamine, and then crosslinked at 37 C for 8 min to form hydrogel composites. Hydrogel composites encapsulating rabbit marrow MSCS and blank MPs served as controls. At day 14, confocal fluorescent images of OPF hydrogels showed a strong aggregation of rabbit marrow MSCs when encapsulated with IGF-1-loaded MPs with or without TGF-beta 1-loaded MPs. Quantitative RT-PCR results showed that rabbit marrow MSCs encapsulated with MPs loaded with TGF-beta 1 or both TGF-beta 1 and IGF-1 had a significant increase in the expression of chondrocyte-specific genes such as collagen type 11 and aggrecan at day 14 as compared with the control group. Specifically, samples with both TGF-beta 1-loaded MPs and IGF-1-loaded MPs exhibited a 121 +/- 20-fold increase of type II collagen gene expression and a 71 +/- 24-fold increase of aggrecan gene expression after 14 days of in vitro culture as compared with controls at day 0. These results suggest that hydrogel composites based on OPF and gelatin microparticles have great potential as carriers for MSCs and multiple growth factors for cartilage tissue engineering applications. (c) 2008 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res 88A: 889-897, 2009; Effect of dual growth factor delivery on chondrogenic differentiation of rabbit marrow mesenchymal stem cells encapsulated in injectable hydrogel composites"
000263408600028	X	"Cyst nematodes are highly evolved sedentary plant endoparasites that use parasitism proteins injected through the stylet into host tissues to successfully parasitize plants. These secretory proteins likely are essential for parasitism as they are involved in a variety of parasitic events leading to the establishment of specialized feeding cells required by the nematode to obtain nourishment. With the advent of RNA interference (RNAi) technology and the demonstration of host-induced gene silencing in parasites, a new strategy to control pests and pathogens has become available, particularly in root-knot nematodes. Plant host-induced silencing of cyst nematode genes so far has had only limited success but similarly should disrupt the parasitic cycle and render the host plant resistant. Additional in planta RNAi data for cyst nematodes are being provided by targeting four parasitism genes through host-induced RNAi gene silencing in transgenic Arabidopsis thaliana, which is a host for the sugar beet cyst nematode Heterodera schachtii. Here it is reported that mRNA abundances of targeted nematode genes were specifically reduced in nematodes feeding on plants expressing corresponding RNAi constructs. Furthermore, this host-induced RNAi of all four nematode parasitism genes led to a reduction in the number of mature nematode females. Although no complete resistance was observed, the reduction of developing females ranged from 23% to 64% in different RNAi lines. These observations demonstrate the relevance of the targeted parasitism genes during the nematode life cycle and, potentially more importantly, suggest that a viable level of resistance in crop plants may be accomplished in the future using this technology against cyst nematodes.; Effective and specific in planta RNAi in cyst nematodes: expression interference of four parasitism genes reduces parasitic success"
000263618000054	X	"The demand for miniaturized components is increasing in various industries, such as the biomedical, consumer electronics, optics and defense-related industries. The production of the micro/meso-scale components and parts in these industries is typically under-taken using MEMS-type photolithographic production techniques that have limitations in the materials and geometries that can be produced. However, numerous research efforts during the course of the last five to ten years have developed micro-scale EDM processes, micro-laser processes and micro-machining operations. In particular, the micro-machining processes have been demonstrated to provide a credible solution to the production of micro/mesoscale parts with complexes geometries in a broad range of materials. The development of mMTs is growing with the rapidly increasing demand for tighter tolerances. Traditionally, mMTs have been developed based on horizontal or vertical Cartesian co-ordinate machine tool structures. However, as the need for increased process flexibility and productivity is continuously being driven higher, there is a need to develop higher degree of freedom machining systems, including 4-axis and 5-axis machining centers. In this paper, the design of a low-cost, high-precision, high-speed 4/5-axis micro/meso machining center is presented as a cost-competitive alternative to existing open-form kinematics precision machining centers. A key departure from traditional machine tool design approach that has been adopted in this design is the utilization of closed-form kinematic structural design to create a high-stiffness, low-cost machine tool base. In addition, the lower thermal mass of the mMT base enhances rapid thermal washout in the structure and significantly reduces the thermal gradients in the structure. Consequently the thermal errors present in the structure are limited and simply and adequately handled using existing error compensation strategies. Initial results from an analytical and numerical investigation of the thermo-mechanical response of an innovative, kinematically closed-form inverted micro-machining center are presented. A coarse resolution parametric study was undertaken to evaluate the preferred preferred design space for maximum stiffness and minimum thermal distortion in low-cost, high precision, high-speed micro-machining centers. In addition, in order to facilitate part loading and unloading operations will be considered as a key design characteristic. A key result of this Study has been the identification of a preferred design space for kinematic form selection, material selection and structural design options for increased rigidity, reduced thermal error and reduced production costs for flexible 4/5-axis micro/meso-scale machining centers. The proposed mMT design achieves a 3X increase in rigidity over a comparable tradition kinematically open horizontal mMT system; HIGH STIFFNESS CLOSED-FORM KINEMATIC STRUCTURAL DESIGN OF A LOW-COST 4/5-AXIS MICRO/MESO-SCALE INVERTED HIGH-SPEED MACHINING CENTER"
000263768000002	X	"A novel electromagnetic hand gap (EBG) synthesis method for mixed signal applications is presented. In this method, a genetic algorithm (GA) is utilized its it solution-searching technique. One of the main advantages of the proposed method is an automated design procedure for EBG structures that meet given design specifications. For this purpose, the GA method is combined with multilayer finite-difference method (M-FDM) and dispersion diagram (DD) method. The M-FDM is a circuit-based simulator for computing the Z-parameters of planar structures, while the DD method is a plot of the propagation constant versus frequency. The EBG synthesis method introduced in this paper consists of three main parts namely: 1) GA, which generates populations of EBG structures and evaluates fitness functions using band gap response results from DD; 2) M-FDM, which analyzes the ERG structures generated by the GA and links the analysis results to DD, 3) DD, which calculates hand gap frequencies using the ERG structure analysis results front the M-FDM and links the calculated stop hand frequencies to the GA for fitness checks. For the verification of the suggested method, ERG structures having various specifications have been designed using the ERG synthesizer tool described in this paper. The designed ERG structures have been modeled and simulated using M-FDM. The ERG structures have also been fabricated and measured in the frequency-domain. The corresponding frequency-domain simulations and measurements have exhibited hand gaps as per the design specifications used to synthesize the ERG structures.; Electromagnetic Band Gap Synthesis Using Genetic Algorithms for Mixed Signal Applications"
000263776900006	X	"Embryonic stem cells (ESCs) are pluripotent cells capable of differentiating into all somatic and germ cell types. The intrinsic ability of pluripotent cells to generate a vast array of different cells makes ESCs a robust resource for a variety of cell transplantation and tissue engineering applications, however, efficient and controlled means of directing ESC differentiation is essential for the development of regenerative therapies. ESCs are commonly differentiated in vitro by spontaneously self-assembling in suspension culture into 3D cell aggregates called embryoid bodies (EBs), which mimic many of the hallmarks of early embryonic development, yet the 3D organization and structure of EBs also presents unique challenges to effectively direct the differentiation of the cells. ESC differentiation is strongly influenced by physical and chemical signals comprising the local extracellular microenvironment, thus current methods to engineer EB differentiation have focused primarily on spatially controlling EB size, adding soluble factors to the media, or culturing EBs on or within natural or synthetic extracellular matrices. Although most such strategies aim to influence differentiation from the exterior of EBs, engineering the microenvironment directly within EBs enables new opportunities to efficiently direct the fate of the cells by locally controlling the presentation of morphogenic cues. 0 2009 American Institute of Chemical Engineers Biotechnol. Prog., 25: 43-51, 2009; Engineering the Embryoid Body Microenvironment to Direct Embryonic Stem Cell Differentiation"
000263815800067	X	"We investigate the way that the degenerate manifold of midgap edge states in quasicircular graphene quantum dots with zigzag boundaries supports, under free-magnetic-field conditions, strongly correlated many-body behavior analogous to the fractional quantum Hall effect (FQHE), familiar from the case of semiconductor heterostructures in high-magnetic fields. Systematic exact-diagonalization (EXD) numerical studies are presented for 5 <= N <= 8 fully spin-polarized electrons and for total angular momenta in the range of N(N-1)/2 <= L <= 150. We present a derivation of a rotating-electron-molecule (REM) type wave function based on the methodology introduced earlier [C. Yannouleas and U. Landman, Phys. Rev. B 66, 115315 (2002)] in the context of the FQHE in two-dimensional semiconductor quantum dots. The EXD wave functions are compared with FQHE trial functions of the Laughlin, compact composite fermion, and the derived REM types. It is found that a variational extension of the REM offers a better description for all fractional fillings compared with that of the Laughlin functions (including total energies and overlaps), a fact that reflects the strong azimuthal localization of the edge electrons. In contrast with the multiring arrangements of electrons in circular semiconductor quantum dots, the graphene REMs exhibit in all instances a single (0,N) polygonal-ring molecular (crystalline) structure, with all the electrons localized on the edge. Disruptions in the zigzag boundary condition along the circular edge act effectively as impurities that pin the electron molecule, yielding single-particle densities with broken rotational symmetry that portray directly the azimuthal localization of the edge electrons.; Edge states in graphene quantum dots: Fractional quantum Hall effect analogies and differences at zero magnetic field"
000263916700015	X	"MEMS switches based on a dual-mode actuation scheme that simultaneously allows for large standoff heights and low clamping voltages have been designed and fabricated. These devices are based on the use of a transient external magnetic field to bring the actuating portion of the switch close to a dielectric-coated clamping electrode, followed by application of an electrostatic clamping voltage to keep the switch closed. Since the clamping voltage is applied when the switch is closed, this voltage can be relatively small. This approach is particularly attractive for RF applications such as arrays of switches in reconfigurable aperture antennas. The arrays of switches are simultaneously closed by the magnetic field generated by an external magnetic source, then selected switches are clamped by electrostatic force using low voltages to maintain the ON state. Their utility in such an array has been demonstrated and several different design variations have been explored to improve switch performance. Contact resistance as low as 0.37 Omega has been achieved, with actuating field strength of 40 Gauss. These switches possess a large open state air gap (25 mu m), and are able to pass high currents in excess of 1 A under low frequency or DC operation. The large OFF state impedance allows for their usage in switching applications in RF devices. Their high frequency functionality has been tested to find that their open-state impedance was identical to that of a perfect open up to 9 GHz and their RF reconfigurability has been demonstrated in a monopole/dipole test bed.; High standoff dual-mode-actuation MEMS switches"
000263981300013	X	"Microfabrication advances have resulted in small, cheap, and precise devices for biological rnicroelectro-mechanical systems (bioMEMS). SU-8/SU-8 2000 is an attractive material for these applications because of its high-aspect ratio fabrication capability, dielectric properties, and thermochemical stability. Despite these advantages, the potential toxicity of SU-8 2000 may limit its use in cell-based applications. We show that <10% of primary neurons survived when cultured adjacent to or on top of untreated SU-8 2000. We evaluated the efficacy of various detoxification and surface treatments for SU-8 2000 in neuronal cultures after 7-21 days in vitro. Viability was improved to 45.8% +/- 4.5% (mean +/- standard error of the mean) following 3-day heat treatment (150 degrees C) under vacuum, while UV exposure and CO(2) supercritical extraction did not improve survival. Furthermore, parylene coating (25 pm), in combination with heat and sonication (in isopropanol) treatments effectively masked the SU-8 2000 and led to 86.4% +/- 1.9% viability. Glow discharge (oxygen plasma) treatment rendered the STJ-8 2000 surface more hydrophilic and improved neuronal viability, possibly through improved cell adhesion. No organic leachants were detected by mass spectrometry before or after heat treatment or after sonication. However, XPS analysis revealed the presence of potentially neurotoxic elements, fluorine and antimony. Strategies to improve the cytocompatibility of SU-8 2000 with primary neurons will allow longer Culture times and have applications for cell-based microfabrication. (c) 2008 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res 89A: 138-151, 2009; SU-8 2000 rendered cytocompatible for neuronal bioMEMS applications"
000264059400010	X	"An injectable, biodegradable hydrogel composite of oligo(poly(ethylene glycol) fumarate) (OPF) and gelatin microparticles (MPs) has been investigated as a cell and growth factor carrier for cartilage tissue engineering applications. In this study, hydrogel composites with different swelling ratios were prepared by cross-linking OPF macromers with poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) repeating units of varying molecular weights from 1000 similar to 35000. Rabbit marrow mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) and MPs loaded with transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) were encapsulated in the hydrogel composites to examine the effect of the swelling ratio of the hydrogel composites on the chondrogenic differentiation of encapsulated rabbit marrow MSCs both in the presence and in the absence of TGF-beta 1. The swelling ratio of the hydrogel composites increased as the PEG molecular weight in the OPF macromers increased. Chondrocyte-specific genes were expressed at higher levels in groups containing TGF-beta 1 loaded MPs and varied with the swelling ratio of the hydrogel composites. OPF hydrogel composites with PEG repeating units or molecular weight 35000 and 10000 with TGF-beta 1-loaded MPs exhibited a 159 +/- 95- and a 89 +/- 31-fold increase in type II collagen gene expression at day 28, respectively, while OPF hydrogel composites with PEG repeating units of molecular weight 3000 and 1000 with TGF-beta 1-loaded MPs showed a 27 +/- 10- and a 17 +/- 7-fold increase in type II collagen gene expression, respectively, as compared to the composites with blank MPs at day 0. The results indicate that chondrogenic differentiation of encapsulated rabbit marrow MSCs within OPF hydrogel composites could be affected by their swelling ratio, thus suggesting the potential of OPF composite hydrogels as part of a novel strategy for controlling the differentiation of stem cells.; Effect of Swelling Ratio of Injectable Hydrogel Composites on Chondrogenic Differentiation of Encapsulated Rabbit Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells In Vitro"
000264231500058	X	"Power system networks are complex systems that are highly nonlinear and non-stationary, and therefore, their performance is difficult to optimize using traditional optimization techniques. This paper presents an enhanced particle swarm optimizer for solving constrained optimization problems for power system applications, in particular, the optimal allocation of multiple STATCOM units. The study focuses on the capability of the algorithm to find feasible solutions in a highly restricted hypergpace. The performance of the enhanced particle swarm optimizer is compared with the classical particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm, genetic algorithm (GA) and bacterial foraging algorithm (BFA). Results show that the enhanced PSO is able to find feasible solutions faster and converge to feasible regions more often as compared with other algorithms. Additionally, the enhanced PSO is capable of finding the global optimum without getting trapped in local minims.; Enhanced Particle Swarm Optimizer for Power System Applications"
000264325100016	X	"Bending of thin sheets or ribbons is a ubiquitous phenomenon that impacts our daily lives, from the household thermostat to sensors in airbags. At nanometer-scale thicknesses, the mechanics responsible for bending and other distortions in sheets can be employed to create a nanofabrication approach leading to novel nanostructures. The process and resulting structures have been aptly referred to as ""nanomechanical Architecture."" In this article, we review recent progress in atomistic simulations that not only have helped to reveal the physical mechanisms underlying this nanofabrication approach, but also have made predictions of new nanostructures that can be created. The simulations demonstrate the importance of the atomic structure of the crystalline membrane and of the intrinsic surface stress in governing membrane bending behavior at the nanoscale and making the behavior fundamentally distinct from that at the macroscale. Molecular dynamics simulations of the bending of patterned graphene (a single-atomic layer film) suggest a new method for synthesizing carbon nanotubes with unprecedented control over their size and chirality.; Nanomechanical Architectures-Mechanics-Driven Fabrication Based on Crystalline Membranes"
000264342000012	X	"The secretory pathway provides a physical route through which only correctly folded gene products are delivered to the eukaryotic cell surface. The efficiency of endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-associated degradation (ERAD), which orchestrates the clearance of structurally aberrant proteins under basal conditions, is boosted by the unfolded protein response (UPR) as one of several means to relieve ER stress. However, the underlying mechanism that links the two systems in higher eukaryotes has remained elusive. Herein, the results of transient expression, RNAi-mediated knockdown and functional studies demonstrate that the transcriptional elevation of EDEM1 boosts the efficiency of glycoprotein ERAD through the formation of; The mammalian UPR boosts glycoprotein ERAD by suppressing the proteolytic downregulation of ER mannosidase I"
000264353500004	X	"In this paper we consider optimization problems where the objective function is given in a form of the expectation. A basic difficulty of solving such stochastic optimization problems is that the involved multidimensional integrals (expectations) cannot be computed with high accuracy. The aim of this paper is to compare two computational approaches based on Monte Carlo sampling techniques, namely, the stochastic approximation (SA) and the sample average approximation (SAA) methods. Both approaches, the SA and SAA methods, have a long history. Current opinion is that the SAA method can efficiently use a specific (say, linear) structure of the considered problem, while the SA approach is a crude subgradient method, which often performs poorly in practice. We intend to demonstrate that a properly modified SA approach can be competitive and even significantly outperform the SAA method for a certain class of convex stochastic problems. We extend the analysis to the case of convex-concave stochastic saddle point problems and present (in our opinion highly encouraging) results of numerical experiments.; ROBUST STOCHASTIC APPROXIMATION APPROACH TO STOCHASTIC PROGRAMMING"
000264574600047	X	"Muramyl dipeptide (MDP), the NOD2 agonist, induces NF-kappa B and MAPK activation leading to the production of antimicrobial and proinflammatory molecules. MDP is internalized into acidified vesicles in macrophages. However, the endocytic mechanism of MDP uptake that induces NOD2 signaling is unknown. We now report the identification of an endocytosis pathway dependent on clathrin and dynamin that mediates MDP internalization and NOD2 activation. Intracellular MDP uptake was inhibited by chlorpromazine, a drug that disrupts clathrin-dependent endocytosis, but not by compounds that block pinocytosis or cellular entry via scavenger or mannose receptors. In contrast, MDP uptake and NOD2-dependent signaling were unimpaired in macrophages deficient in PepT1, a peptide transporter previously implicated in MDP internalization. Both chlorpromazine and knockdown of clathrin expression by RNA interference attenuated MDP-induced NF-kappa B and MAPK activation. Furthermore, MDP uptake and NOD2-dependent signaling were impaired by inhibition of dynamin, a GTPase required for budding of clathrincoated vesicles from the plasma membrane. Finally, bafilomycin A, a specific inhibitor of the vacuolar proton pump, blocked MDP accumulation in acidified vesicles and cytokine responses, suggesting that vacuolar maturation is important for MDP-induced NOD2 signaling. These studies provide evidence for a clathrin- and dynamin-dependent endocytosis pathway that mediates MDP uptake and NOD2 activation. The Journal of Immunology, 2009, 182: 4321-4327.; Clathrin- and Dynamin-Dependent Endocytic Pathway Regulates Muramyl Dipeptide Internalization and NOD2 Activation"
000264743100037	X	The paper presents a systematic investigation of dielectric charging in low temperature silicon nitride for RF-MEMS capacitive switches. The dielectric charging is investigated with the aid of Metal-Insulator-Metal (MIM) capacitors with different thickness dielectric film and symmetric and asymmetric metal contacts. The experimental results demonstrate that the charging process is almost symmetric in low temperature deposited silicon nitride. Experiments performed in both MIM and MEMS reveal that the charging process is strongly affected by temperature. Specifically at high temperatures the charging rate increases exponentially with temperature. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Effect of deposition conditions on charging processes in SiN(x): Application to RF-MEMS capacitive switches
000264768900150	X	"We present a first-principles study of the electron-phonon (e-ph) interactions and their contributions to the linewidths for the optical-phonon modes at Gamma and K in one-layer to three-layer graphene. It is found that, due to the interlayer coupling and the stacking geometry, the high-frequency optical-phonon modes in few-layer graphene couple with different valence and conduction bands, giving rise to different e-ph interaction strengths for these modes. Some of the multilayer optical modes derived from the Gamma-E(2g) mode of monolayer graphene exhibit slightly higher frequencies and much reduced linewidths. In addition, the linewidths of K-A(1)(') related modes in multilayers depend on the stacking pattern and decrease with increasing layer numbers.; Electron-phonon interactions for optical-phonon modes in few-layer graphene: First-principles calculations"
000264768900151	X	We propose a way of producing and detecting pseudospin entanglement between electrons and holes in graphene. Electron-hole pairs are produced by a fluctuating potential and their entanglement is demonstrated by a current correlation measurement. The chirality of electrons in graphene facilitates a well-controlled Bell test with (pseudo-)spin projection angles defined in real space.; Pseudospin entanglement and Bell test in graphene
000264791800001	X	The addition of nitrophenyl groups to the surface of few-layer epitaxial graphene (EG) by the formation of covalent carbon-carbon bonds changed the electronic structure and transport properties of the EG from near-metallic to semiconducting.; Chemical Modification of Epitaxial Graphene: Spontaneous Grafting of Aryl Groups
000264892000004	X	"Bioreactors have played a crucial role in recent approaches to cartilage tissue engineering, providing an environment that promotes efficient cell seeding, nutrient and waste transport, and essential physical stimuli. This study employed a wavy-walled bioreactor to investigate the effects of the hydrodynamic environment on the properties of engineered cartilage. Its unique design provides multiple hydrodynamic environments within one setting. A tissue growth model was developed to characterize the tissue growth and extracellular matrix synthesis by chondrocytes seeded and cultivated on polyglycolic acid scaffolds in the wavy-walled bioreactor for a period of 4 weeks. This model consists of four components: 1) a computational fluid dynamics model, 2) a kinetic growth model, 3) an artificial neural network that empirically correlates hydrodynamic parameters with kinetic constants, and 4) a second artificial neural network that correlates the biochemical composition of constructs with their material properties. In tandem, these components enable the prediction of the dynamics of tissue growth, as well as the final compositional and mechanical properties of engineered cartilage. The growth model methodology developed in this study serves as a tool to predict the optimal bioprocessing conditions required to achieve desired tissue properties.; Tissue Growth Modeling in a Wavy-Walled Bioreactor"
000264978100012	X	A Stochastic Programming Model with Decision Dependent Uncertainty Realizations for Technology Portfolio Management
000265030000033	X	"Graphene films on SiC exhibit coherent transport properties that suggest the potential for novel carbon-based nanoelectronics applications. Recent studies suggest that the role of the interface between single layer graphene and silicon-terminated SiC can strongly influence the electronic properties of the graphene overlayer. In this study, we have exposed the graphitized SiC to atomic hydrogen in an effort to passivate dangling bonds at the interface, while investigating the results utilizing room temperature scanning tunneling microscopy.; Exposure of Epitaxial Graphene on SiC(0001) to Atomic Hydrogen"
000265079300121	X	"Recent advances in the fabrication of nanoscale material systems have made it possible to alter precisely the atomic structure in ways that enhance the properties and allow for certain functions to be realized. This work is concerned with two-dimensional periodic structures and emphasizes the effects of intentional defects on their wave propagation characteristics. In this draft paper investigations are limited to a two-dimensional spring-mass lattice, composed of ""super-cells"" where mass inclusions are added to alter band-gap properties, as well as low frequency directionality. The presented results will then be extended to two-dimensional nanostructures, such as graphene nanosheets, in order to investigate their application as nanoscale acoustic waveguides, where engineered defects, uniformally distributed across the entire sheet, are introduced by design with the objective of rendering the medium anisotropic. Such anisoptropy leads to acoustic directionality, which can be exploited for waveguiding or acoustic-focusing purposes.; WAVE BEAMING IN NANOSTRUCTURED MATERIALS WITH ENGINEERED DEFECTS"
000265083700019	X	"The influence of atomic-layer-deposited alumina surface coatings on the fatigue of polycrystalline silicon thin films was investigated. Tests were performed on 2-mu m-thick notched cantilever-beam structures actuated at resonance (similar to 40 kHz) that were coated with similar to 20 nm of alumina deposited at 100 degrees C. The coated devices show a drastically different frequency evolution behavior as compared to uncoated specimens, while no surface oxide thickening during cycling is observed in bright-field transmission electron microscopy. Both results are consistent with a surface degradation mechanism for polycrystalline silicon fatigue such as the reaction-layer mechanism. The improved frequency evolution has the potential of increasing the performance of resonator-based microelectromechanical system sensors.; The influence of nanoscale atomic-layer-deposited alumina coating on the fatigue behavior of polycrystalline silicon thin films"
000265090300010	X	"Compliant free-standing structures can be used as chip-to-substrate interconnects. Such ""compliant interconnects"" are a potential solution to the requirements that will be imposed on chip-to-substrate interconnects over the next decade. However, cost of implementation and electrical performance limit compliant interconnects. In our previous work, we have proposed a new compliant interconnect technology called FlexConnect to address these concerns with compliant interconnects. An innovative cost-effective MEMS-based fabrication process is used to fabricate these compliant interconnects. Sequential lithography and electroplating processes with up to two masking steps are utilized. Utilizing the proposed fabrication process, in this paper, FlexConnects are realized at a 100-mu m pitch. High-frequency modeling of the electrical parasitics of the interconnect is performed. Through finite-element-based models, the advantage of using multiple electrical paths as part of the interconnect design is shown from a thermomechanical reliability perspective. Finally, taking advantage of the MEMS-based photolithographic fabrication process, a heterogeneous combination of FlexConnects and column interconnects is proposed. This approach is shown to be an additional avenue to attain improved electrical performance without compromising mechanical performance.; Electrical/Mechanical Modeling, Reliability Assessment, and Fabrication of FlexConnects: A MEMS-Based Compliant Chip-to-Substrate Interconnect"
000265196900027	X	"HAT (human African trypanosomiasis), caused by the protozoan parasite Trypanosoma brucei, is an emerging disease for which new drugs are needed. Expression of plasma membrane proteins [e.g. VSG (variant surface glycoprotein)] is crucial for the establishment and maintenance of an infection by T brucei. Transport of a majority of proteins to the plasma membrane involves their translocation into the ER (endoplasmic reticulum). Thus inhibition of protein import into the ER of T brucei would be a logical target for discovery of lead Compounds against trypanosomes. We have developed a TbRM (T. brucei microsome) system that imports VSG_117 post-translationally. Using this system, MAL3-101, equisetin and CJ-21,058 were discovered to be small molecule inhibitors of VSG_117 translocation into the ER. These agents also killed bloodstream T brucei in vitro; the concentrations at which 50% of parasites were killed (IC(50)) were 1.5 mu M (MAL3-101), 3.31 mu M (equisetin) and 7 mu M (CJ-21,058). Thus VSG_117 import into TbRMs is a rapid and novel assay to identify 'new chemical entities' (e.g. MAL3-101, equisetin and CJ-21,058) for anti-trypanosome drug development.; Post-translational import of protein into the endoplasmic reticulum of a trypanosome: an in vitro system for discovery of anti-trypanosomal chemical entities"
000265203400003	X	"We introduce a PDE approach to the large deviation principle for Hilbert space valued diffusions. It can be applied to a large class of solutions of abstract stochastic evolution equations with small noise intensities and is adaptable to some special equations, for instance to the 2D stochastic Navier-Stokes equations. Our approach uses a lot of ideas from (and in significant part follows) the program recently developed by Feng and Kurtz [J. Feng, T. Kurtz, Large Deviations for Stochastic Processes, in: Mathematical Surveys and Monographs, vol. 13], American Mathematical Society, Providence, RI, 2006]. Moreover we present easy proofs of exponential moment estimates for solutions of stochastic FIDE. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; A PDE approach to large deviations in Hilbert spaces"
000265372400007	X	"A compact high quality factor four-pole X-band tunable quasi-elliptic bandpass filter is presented in this letter. The filter is enabled by high-Q ferroelectric barium strontium titanate capacitors and open-loop resonators. The central frequency of 8.35 GHz and the frequency tuning range of 500 MHz (6%) are achieved with a dc bias voltage of 30 V. The selective filter has a fractional I dB bandwidth ranging from 5.5% up to 7.3%. The measured insertion loss and return loss are 5.7-3.5 dB and 10.2-7.9 dB, respectively, with a dc bias range of 0 to 30 V. To the best of our knowledge, this is the best analog tunable performance and selectivity in X-band.; A Low Loss X-Band Quasi-Elliptic Ferroelectric Tunable Filter"
000265394800003	X	"This paper addresses the problem of finding cutting planes for multistage stochastic integer programs. We give a general method for generating cutting planes for multistage stochastic integer programs based on combining inequalities that are valid for the individual scenarios. We apply the method to generate cuts for a stochastic version of a dynamic knapsack problem and for stochastic lot-sizing problems. We give computational results, which show that these new inequalities are very effective in a branch-and-cut algorithm.; Cutting Planes for Multistage Stochastic Integer Programs"
000265394800017	X	"In this paper, an intelligent decision-making framework (DMF) is developed to help decision makers identify cost-effective ozone control policies. High concentrations of ozone at the ground level continue to be a serious problem in numerous U. S. cities. Our DMF searches for dynamic and targeted control policies that require a lower total reduction of emissions than current control strategies based on the ""trial and error"" approach typically employed by state government decision makers. Our DMF utilizes a rigorous stochastic dynamic programming (SDP) formulation and incorporates an atmospheric chemistry module to model how ozone concentrations change over time. Within the atmospheric chemistry module, methods from design and analysis of computer experiments are employed to create SDP state transition equation metamodels, and critical dimensionality reduction is conducted to reduce the state-space dimension in solving our SDP problem. Results are presented from a prototype DMF for the Atlanta metropolitan region.; A Decision-Making Framework for Ozone Pollution Control"
000265444800020	X	"Neurotrophins are critical for the survival of neurons during development and insufficient access to neurotrophins later in life may contribute to the loss of neurons in neurodegenerative disease, spinal cord injury, and stroke. The prolyl hydroxylase inhibitors ethyl 3,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHB) and dimethyloxalylglycine (DMOG) were shown to inhibit cell death in a model of neurotrophin deprivation that involves depriving sympathetic neurons of nerve growth factor (NGF). Here we show that treatment with DMOG or DHB reverses the decline in 2-deoxyglucose uptake caused by NGF withdrawal and suppresses the NGF deprivation-induced accumulation of reactive oxygen species. Neither DMOG nor DHB prevented death when NGF deprivation was carried out under conditions of glucose starvation, and both compounds proved toxic to NGF-maintained neurons deprived of glucose, suggesting that their survival-promoting effects are mediated through the preservation of glucose metabolism. DHB and DMOG are well known activators of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF), but whether activation of HIF underlies their survival-promoting effects is not known. Using gene disruption and RNA interference, we provide evidence that DMOG and, to a lesser extent, DHB require HIF-2 alpha expression to inhibit NGF deprivation-induced death. Furthermore, suppressing basal HIF-2 alpha expression, but not HIF-1 alpha, in NGF-maintained neurons is sufficient to promote cell death. These results implicate HIF-2 alpha in the neuroprotective mechanisms of prolyl hydroxylase inhibitors and in an endogenous cell survival pathway activated by NGF in developing neurons.; Prolyl Hydroxylase Inhibitors Depend on Extracellular Glucose and Hypoxia-Inducible Factor (HIF)-2 alpha to Inhibit Cell Death Caused by Nerve Growth Factor (NGF) Deprivation: Evidence that HIF-2 alpha Has a Role in NGF-Promoted Survival of Sympathetic Neurons"
000265460200036	X	"Conversion cells for harvesting solar energy and mechanical energy are usually separate and independent entities that are designed and built following different physical principles. Developing a technology that harvests multiple-type energies in forms such as sun light and mechanical around the clock is desperately desired for fully utilizing the energies available in our living environment. We report a hybrid cell that is intended for simultaneously harvesting solar and mechanical energies. Using aligned ZnO nanowire arrays grown on surfaces of a flat substrate, a dye-sensitized solar cell is integrated with a piezoelectric nanogenerator. The former harvests solar energy irradiating on the top, and the latter harvests ultrasonic wave energy from the surrounding. The two energy harvesting approaches can work simultaneously or individually, and they can be integrated in parallel and serial for raising the output current and voltage, respectively, as well as power. It is found that the voltage output from the solar cell can be used to raise the output voltage of the nanogenerator, providing an effective approach for effectively storing and utilizing the power generated by the nanogenerator. Our study demonstrates a new approach for concurrently harvesting multiple types of energies using an integrated hybrid cell so that the energy resources can be effectively and complementary utilized whenever and wherever one or all of them is available.; Nanowire Structured Hybrid Cell for Concurrently Scavenging Solar and Mechanical Energies"
000265522900001	X	"Semiconducting zinc oxide nanowires (NWs) and nanobelts (NBs) are a unique group of quasi-one-dimensional nanomaterial. This review mainly focuses on the rational synthesis, structure analysis, novel properties and unique applications of zinc oxide NWs and NBs in nanotechnology. First, we will discuss rational design of synthetic strategies and the synthesis of NWs via vapor phase and chemical growth approaches. Secondly, the vapor-solid process for synthesis of oxide based nanostructures will be described in details. We will illustrate the polar surface dominated growth phenomena, such as the formation of nanosprings, nanorings and nanohelices of single-crystal zinc oxide. Third, we will describe the unique and novel electrical, optoelectronic, field emission, and mechanical properties of individual NWs and NBs. Finally, we will illustrate some novel devices and applications made using NWs as ultra-sensitive chemical and biological nanosensors. solar cell, light emitting diodes, nanogenerators, and nano-piezotronic devices. ZnO is ideal for nanogenerators for converting nano-scale mechanical energy into electricity owing to its coupled piezoelectric and semiconductive properties. The devices designed based on this Coupled characteristic are the family of piezotronics, which is a new and unique group of electronic components that are controlled by external forces/pressure. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved; ZnO nanowire and nanobelt platform for nanotechnology"
000265529800030	X	"The Solution photophysical properties of two conjugated dithienothiopliene (DTT)-perylene bisimide (PBI) systems-a polymer, poly {[N,N'-bis(2-decyl-tetradecyl)-3,4,9,10-perylene diimide-1,7-diyl]-alt-(dithieno[3,2-b:2',3'-dithiophene-2,6-diyl)}, and a small molecule, 1,7-bis(dithieno[3,2-b:2',3'-d]thiophene-2-yl)-N,N'-bis(2-decyl-tetradec yl)-3,4,9,10-perylene diimide-in Solution have been investigated. Strong quenching of the fluorescence of the PBI moiety was observed in both DTT-PBI systems, suggesting the possibility of an efficient intramolecular electron-transfer process. The kinetics of photoinduced electron transfer in the DTT-PBI polymer and monomer in solutions were explored by femtosecond time-resolved transient absorption spectra. It was found that both the rates of charge separation and charge recombination in the DTT-PBI polymer were approximately double those in the small molecule. This indicates that electronic Coupling plays an important role in the electron-transfer process in a polymer system.; Photoinduced Intramolecular Electron Transfer in Conjugated Perylene Bisimide-Dithienothiophene Systems: A Comparative Study of a Small Molecule and a Polymer"
000265653800001	X	"This paper considers a stochastic dynamic inventory problem involving a single item, linear cost structures, and finite distributions (but not necessarily independent) for the stochastic cost and demand parameters. We develop primal and dual algorithms for a multi-stage stochastic linear programming formulation for the problem. The complexity of the proposed algorithms is shown to be within O(N(2)), where N is the number of nodes in the scenario tree used to model the stochastic parameters.; On a Multi-stage Stochastic Programming Model for Inventory Planning"
000265737600056	X	"We deposited plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition silicon carbon nitride (SiC(x)N(y)) antireflection coating and passivation layers using a silane-free process. We used a solid polymer source developed at SiXtron Advanced Materials to eliminate the storage and handling of dangerous pyrophoric silane gas. We used ammonia flow rate as a control for the chemical and optical properties in the silane-free process. As NH(3) flow rate increases, the carbon content, refractive index, extinction coefficient, and surface charge density of the film decrease. At an ammonia flow rate of 3000 sccm, which is similar to the conventional SiN(x), the extinction coefficients for the two films were similar. This led to an emitter dark saturation current density (J(oe)) of 404 fA/cm(2) for the two films on 45 Omega/square emitters. However, a stack passivation of SiO(2)/SiC(x)N(y) on an 80 Omega/square emitter resulted in an emitter dark saturation current density of 95 fA/cm(2), which is enough to provide a good surface passivation for high efficiency solar cells. An energy conversion efficiency of 17.4% was obtained for a 149 cm(2) textured Czochralski screen-printed solar cell with this stack passivation. For a 156 cm(2) nontextured multicrystalline silicon, with only SiC(x)N(y) and a 45 Omega/square emitter, we obtained 14.9% efficiency.; The Study of Silane-Free SiC(x)N(y) Film for Crystalline Silicon Solar Cells"
000265818600144	X	"Superhydrophobic self-cleaning lotus effect surfaces are of interest for a variety of applications such as self-cleaning, water repellency and anticorrosion properties. Numerous approaches to generate superhydrophobic surfaces have been proposed. In these studies, high contact angles and reduced contact angle hysteresis were intensively investigated. In our study, we invoked a surface etching technique for the preparation of multi-functional (self-cleaning, non-reflecting, water repellent) surface micro/nano structures for potential photovoltaic applications. A facile way of forming superhydrophobic surfaces is reported that uses Au assisted HF/H(2)O(2) etching of silicon wafers. The Au layer was deposited onto a silicon wafer via e-beam evaporation. By controlling the evaporation and etching times, the surface roughness can be manipulated and superhydrophobic surfaces with different optical properties can be generated. Contact angles were measured with a CCD camera equipped goniometer; these values determined the water repellency. Light reflection on the as prepared black surfaces was measured to assess the efficiency for low cost solar cell applications. It is expected that by controlled manipulation of surface structures via the etching process, multifunctional silicon surfaces can be achieved and cost-effective photovoltaics may be possible[1].; Hierarchically Etched Silicon Lotus Effect Surface Structures for Reduced Light Reflection"
000265936600025	X	"This paper describes a system architecture and CMOS implementation that leverages the inherently high mechanical quality factor (Q) of a MEMS gyroscope to improve performance. The proposed time domain scheme utilizes the often-ignored residual quadrature error in a gyroscope to achieve, and maintain, perfect mode-matching (i.e., similar to 0 Hz split between the high-Q drive and sense mode frequencies), as well as electronically control the sensor bandwidth. A CMOS IC and control algorithm have been interfaced with a 60 pm thick silicon mode-matched tuning fork gyroscope (M(2)-TFG) to implement an angular rate sensing microsystem with a bias drift of 0.16 degrees/hr. The proposed technique allows microsystem reconfigurability-the sensor can be operated in a conventional low-pass mode for larger bandwidth, or in matched mode for low-noise. The maximum achieved sensor Q is 36,000 and the bandwidth of the microsensor can be varied between 1 to 10 Hz by electronic control of the mechanical frequencies. The maximum scale factor of the gyroscope is 88 mV/degrees/s. The 3 V IC is fabricated in a standard 0.6 mu m CMOS process and consumes 6 mW of power with a die area of 2.25 mm(2).; A Sub-0.2 degrees/hr Bias Drift Micromechanical Silicon Gyroscope With Automatic CMOS Mode-Matching"
000265987200003	X	"Refurbishment work involves improvement, upgrading, renovation, retrofit, and repair of existing housing. With limited land usage and being aware of sustainability, the refurbishment market has faced increasing needs worldwide. During the long life cycle period of housing, most residents are undoubtedly faced with refurbishment requirements. However, it is not easy to make assessment and refurbishment related decisions due to the lack of knowledge and experience. This study presents Genetic algorithm-based on-line decision support system (DSS) to hell) residents easily conduct the housing condition assessment and offers optimal refurbishment actions considering the trade-off between cost and quality. Two refurbishment models are developed to explore the relationship among the life cycle cost, restoration cost and improved quality. The result reveals the proposed DSS solves the problems arising from asymmetric information and conflicting interests between residents and contractors, as well as improves traditional housing condition assessment to be more effective and efficient. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; GA-based decision support system for housing condition assessment and refurbishment strategies"
000266048800034	X	"Application of a magnetic field to conductors causes the charge carriers to circulate in cyclotron orbits with quantized energies called Landau levels (LLs). These are equally spaced in normal metals and two-dimensional electron gases. In graphene, however, the charge carrier velocity is independent of their energy (like massless photons). Consequently, the LL energies are not equally spaced and include a characteristic zero-energy state (the n = 0 LL). With the use of scanning tunneling spectroscopy of graphene grown on silicon carbide, we directly observed the discrete, non-equally-spaced energy-level spectrum of LLs, including the hallmark zero-energy state of graphene. We also detected characteristic magneto-oscillations in the tunneling conductance and mapped the electrostatic potential of graphene by measuring spatial variations in the energy of the n = 0 LL.; Observing the Quantization of Zero Mass Carriers in Graphene"
000266069900015	X	"A novel technique is used to distinguish the charging of the surface from that of the bulk of the dielectrics of different types of RF MEMS capacitive switches under different electric fields and humidity levels. In general, bulk charging dominates in dry air, while surface charging increases linearly with increasing humidity. Under comparable electric fields and humidity levels, switches made of silicon dioxide are less susceptible to surface charging than switches made of silicon nitride. These quantitative results not only underscore the importance of packaging the switches in a dry ambient atmosphere, but also validate the novel technique for evaluating the effectiveness of dielectric preparation and packaging.; Impact of Humidity on Dielectric Charging in RF MEMS Capacitive Switches"
000266213300692	X	Use of plant host-derived RNAi targeted to parasitism genes to develop root-knot nematode-resistant tobacco
000266360900001	X	"We discuss time consistency of multistage risk averse stochastic programming problems. The concept of time consistency is approached from an optimization point of view. That is, at each state of the system optimality of a decision policy should not involve states which cannot happen in the future. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; On a time consistency concept in risk averse multistage stochastic programming"
000266409200010	X	"Graphene nanoribbon (GNR) interconnects are fabricated, and the extracted resistivity is compared to that of Cu. It is found that the average resistivity at a given linewidth (18 nm < W < 52 nm) is about three times that of a Cu wire, whereas the best GNR has a resistivity that is comparable to that of Cu. The conductivity is found to be limited by impurity scattering as well as line-edge roughness scattering; as a result, the best reported GNR resistivity is three times the limit imposed by substrate phonon scattering. This letter reveals that even moderate-quality graphene nanowires have the potential to outperform Cu for use as on-chip interconnects.; Resistivity of Graphene Nanoribbon Interconnects"
000266518600008	X	"Previous studies on very high-cycle fatigue behavior of thin silicon (Si) films suggest a strong environmental dependence of the degradation mechanism, the precise nature of which is still the subject of debate. This is partly due to contradictory evidence on the presence of thick post-cycling surface oxides. In the present study, 2 pm thick polycrystalline Si structures subjected to fully reversed stresses at 40 kHz are used to investigate fatigue degradation in a harsh environment (80 degrees C, 90% relative humidity). Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) on vertical through-thickness slices reveals highly localized thick oxides (similar to 50 nm) in the area of large cyclic stress, but not in control specimens. Such localized oxides are likely to be missed with horizontal TEM slices, as done in previous studies. This study highlights the challenges in characterizing nanometer-scale phenomena with micron-scale specimens, and confirms the viability of the reaction-layer fatigue mechanism for the high-cycle/very high-cycle fatigue behavior of micron-scale silicon. (C) 2009 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Highly localized surface oxide thickening on polycrystalline silicon thin films during cyclic loading in humid environments"
000266546900069	X	"Micromachined Scanning Grating Interferometer (mu SGI) array offers a viable solution to the high resolution, large bandwidth, non-contact and high throughput metrology. Parallel active control of mu SGIs is necessary to reduce the effect of positioning errors and ambient vibration noise. To achieve individual control of the mu SGIs, the gratings in the mu SGI are micromachined on Silicon membranes, which can be electrostatically actuated. These tunable gratings are designed to have sufficient range of motion (similar to 400nm) and sufficient bandwidth (similar to 50kHz) for effective noise reduction. The tunable gratings are fabricated successfully using Silicon on Insulator wafers with a two mask process.; DESIGN, DYNAMICS AND ACTIVE CONTROL OF MICRO INTERFEROMETERS FOR LOW NOISE PARALLEL OPERATION"
000266574000003	X	"While a wide variety of approaches to engineering orthopedic tissues have been proposed, less attention has been paid to the interfaces, the specialized areas that connect two tissues of different biochemical and mechanical properties. The interface tissue plays an important role in transitioning mechanical load between disparate tissues. Thus, the relatively new field of interfacial tissue engineering presents new challenges-to not only consider the regeneration of individual orthopedic tissues, but also to design the biochemical and cellular composition of the linking tissue. Approaches to interfacial tissue engineering may be distinguished based on if the goal is to recreate the interface itself, or generate an entire integrated tissue unit (such as an osteochondral plug). As background for future efforts in engineering orthopedic interfaces, a brief review of the biology and mechanics of each interface (cartilage-bone, ligament-bone, meniscus-bone, and muscle-tendon) is presented, followed by an overview of the state-of-the-art in engineering each tissue, including advances and challenges specific to regenerating the interfaces.; Engineering Orthopedic Tissue Interfaces"
000266723700008	X	"In order to evaluate the importance of stress relaxation on device performance of capacitive RF MEMS switches, stress relaxation has been measured in 1.2-mu m-thick Au films using a membrane bulge technique. When the residual stress in the films is small, the stress relaxation is fully recoverable and is well described by linear anelasticity (viscoelasticity) theory. A 27% reduction in the effective elastic modulus occurs over a three-day period under constant strain conditions at room temperature. The time dependence of the relaxation can be represented by a series of time constants with values extending from seconds to days. Linear superposition of the anelastic response can be used to accurately predict the stress under any time dependence of the strain. The prediction is accurate even during cyclic loading and unloading, and even when the strain is cycled at rates that are fast compared with any of the relaxation times. The restoring force available to open a capacitive RF MEMS switch is modeled for two different switch designs. The restoring force is shown to drop by approximately 7% or 20% at room temperature for the two cases presented. [2008-0263]; Anelastic Stress Relaxation in Gold Films and Its Impact on Restoring Forces in MEMS Devices"
000266802700001	X	"Background: Trypanosoma cruzi, a kinetoplastid protozoan parasite that causes Chagas disease, infects approximately 15 million people in Central and South America. In contrast to the substantial in silico studies of the T. cruzi genome, transcriptome, and proteome, only a few genes have been experimentally characterized and validated, mainly due to the lack of facile methods for gene manipulation needed for reverse genetic studies. Current strategies for gene disruption in T. cruzi are tedious and time consuming. In this study we have compared the conventional multi-step cloning technique with two knockout strategies that have been proven to work in other organisms, one-step-PCR- and Multisite Gateway-based systems. Results: While the one-step-PCR strategy was found to be the fastest method for production of knockout constructs, it does not efficiently target genes of interest using gene-specific sequences of less than 80 nucleotides. Alternatively, the Multisite Gateway based approach is less time-consuming than conventional methods and is able to efficiently and reproducibly delete target genes. Conclusion: Using the Multisite Gateway strategy, we have rapidly produced constructs that successfully produce specific gene deletions in epimastigotes of T. cruzi. This methodology should greatly facilitate reverse genetic studies in T. cruzi.; Evaluation of high efficiency gene knockout strategies for Trypanosoma cruzi"
000266826900010	X	"We present a supply chain design problem modeled as a sequence of splitting and combining processes. We formulate the problem as a two-stage stochastic program. The first-stage decisions are strategic location decisions, whereas the second stage consists of operational decisions. The objective is to minimize the sum of investment costs and expected costs of operating the supply chain. In particular the model emphasizes the importance of operational flexibility when making strategic decisions. For that reason short-term uncertainty is considered as well as long-term uncertainty. The real-world case used to illustrate the model is from the Norwegian meat industry. We solve the problem by sample average approximation in combination with dual decomposition. Computational results are presented for different sample sizes and different levels of data aggregation in the second stage. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Supply chain design under uncertainty using sample average approximation and dual decomposition"
000266839700005	X	"The airport terminal capacity planning problem deals with determining the optimal design and expansion capacities for different areas of the terminal in the presence of uncertainty with regards to future demand levels and expansion costs. Analytical modeling of passenger flow in airport terminals under transient demand patterns is especially difficult due to the complex structure of a terminal. Because of this difficulty, the airport terminal capacity planning problem has not been studied in a holistic fashion, such that studies in this area either do not account for expandability or focus only on one particular area of the terminal. In this study, we consider the airport terminal capacity planning problem as a whole. In this regard, we first derive time functions to approximate maximum delays in passageways and processing stations of an airport terminal. We then use these delay functions to develop a multistage stochastic programming model based on a multicommodity flow network representation of the whole airport terminal. The solution of the model, for which we develop an efficient solution algorithm, provides optimal capacity requirements for each area in an airport terminal during the initial building phase, as well as the optimal expansion policy under stochastic future demand. The results of the study are applicable to all similar queuing networks, including other types of passenger terminals. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Airport terminal capacity planning"
000266848800008	X	"Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in the United States. The limited availability of healthy autologous vessels for bypass grafting procedures has led to the fabrication of prosthetic vascular conduits. Synthetic polymeric materials, while providing the appropriate mechanical strength, lack the compliance and biocompatibility that bioresorbable and naturally occurring protein polymers offer. Vascular tissue engineering approaches have emerged in order to meet the challenges of designing a vascular graft with long-term patency. In vitro culture techniques that have been explored with vascular cell seeding of polymeric scaffolds and the use of bioactive polymers for in situ arterial regeneration have yielded promising results. This review describes the development of polymeric materials in various tissue engineering strategies for the improvement in the mechanical and biological performance of an arterial substitute.; Polymeric Materials for Tissue Engineering of Arterial Substitutes"
000266916400019	X	"Polyglycylation is a posttranslational modification that generates glycine side chains on proteins. Here we identify a family of evolutionarily conserved glycine ligases that modify tubulin using different enzymatic mechanisms. In mammals, two distinct enzyme types catalyze the initiation and elongation steps of polyglycylation, whereas Drosophila glycylases are bifunctional. We further show that the human elongating glycylase has lost enzymatic activity due to two amino acid changes, suggesting that the functions of protein glycylation could be sufficiently fulfilled by monoglycylation. Depletion of a glycylase in Drosophila using RNA interference results in adult flies with strongly decreased total glycylation levels and male sterility associated with defects in sperm individualization and axonemal maintenance. A more severe RNAi depletion is lethal at early developmental stages, indicating that protein glycylation is essential. Together with the observation that multiple proteins are glycylated, our functional data point towards a general role of glycylation in protein functions.; Evolutionary Divergence of Enzymatic Mechanisms for Posttranslational Polyglycylation"
000266967600007	X	"Xylan is the second most abundant polysaccharide in dicot wood. Unraveling the biosynthetic pathway of xylan is important not only for our understanding of the process of wood formation but also for our rational engineering of wood for biofuel production. Although several glycosyltransferases are implicated in glucuronoxylan (GX) biosynthesis in Arabidopsis, whether their close orthologs in woody tree species are essential for GX biosynthesis during wood formation has not been investigated. In fact, no studies have been reported to evaluate the effects of alterations in secondary wall-associated glycosyltransferases on wood formation in tree species. In this report, we demonstrate that PoGT47C, a poplar glycosyltransferase belonging to family GT47, is essential for the normal biosynthesis of GX and the normal secondary wall thickening in the wood of the hybrid poplar Populus albatremula. RNA interference (RNAi) inhibition of PoGT47C resulted in a drastic reduction in the thickness of secondary walls, a deformation of vessels and a decreased amount of GX in poplar wood. Structural analysis of GX using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy demonstrated that the reducing end of GX from poplar wood contains the tetrasaccharide sequence, -d-Xylp-(13)-l-Rhap-(12)--d-GalpA-(14)-d-Xylp, and that its abundance was significantly decreased in the GX from the wood of the GT47C-RNAi lines. The transgenic wood was found to yield more glucose by cellulase digestion than the wild-type wood, indicating that the GX reduction in wood reduces the recalcitrance of wood to cellulase digestion. Together, these results provide direct evidence demonstrating that the PoGT47C glycosyltransferase is essential for normal GX biosynthesis in poplar wood and that GX modification could improve the digestibility of wood cellulose by cellulase.; Down-Regulation of PoGT47C Expression in Poplar Results in a Reduced Glucuronoxylan Content and an Increased Wood Digestibility by Cellulase"
000267166600071	X	"Graphene nanoribbons (GNRs) with widths down to 16 nm have been characterized for their current-carrying capacity. It is found that GNRs exhibit an impressive breakdown current density, on the order of 10(8) A/cm(2). The breakdown current density is found to have a reciprocal relationship to GNR resistivity and the data fit points to Joule heating as the likely mechanism of breakdown. The superior current-carrying capacity of GNRs will be valuable for their application in on-chip electrical interconnects. The thermal conductivity of sub-20 nm graphene ribbons is found to be more than 1000 W/m K.; Breakdown current density of graphene nanoribbons"
000267573800010	X	"A significant challenge in using thinner and larger crystalline silicon wafers for solar cell manufacture is the reduced yield due to higher wafer breakage rates. At a given process step, wafer/cell breakage depends on the stresses produced in the wafer/cell due to prior processing, handling and/or transport and on the presence of structural defects such as cracks. Specifically, analysis of wafer breakage requires knowledge of the total in-plane stress state produced in the wafer due to handling and residual stresses from prior processing. This paper presents a systematic approach to breakage analysis of crystalline silicon wafers during handling via analysis of the total stress state produced in the wafer. The total stress state is determined using a combination of wafer deformation measurements and non-linear finite element analysis. Knowledge of the total stress state in conjunction with the crack size and location enables the determination of wafer breakage and the associated fracture stress. This approach is experimentally validated through breakage tests performed on edge-defined film-fed growth (EFG) wafers with cracks introduced via indentation. The results show that the wafer breakage stress during handling is proportional to the inverse of the square root of the crack length, which is consistent with the linear elastic fracture mechanics theory. The work also confirms the capability of the proposed approach to determine the handling conditions under which wafer/cell breakage will occur. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Analysis of stresses and breakage of crystalline silicon wafers during handling and transport"
000267574300017	X	"The magneto-transmission of a thin layer of bulk graphite is compared with spectra taken on multi-layer epitaxial graphene prepared by thermal decomposition of a SiC crystal. We focus on the spectral features evolving as root B, which are evidence for the presence of Dirac fermions in both materials. Whereas the results on multi-layer epitaxial graphene can be interpreted within the model of 2D Dirac fermions, the data obtained on bulk graphite can only be explained taking into account the 3D nature of graphite, e.g. by using the standard Slonczewski-Weiss-McClure model. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Magneto-transmission of multi-layer epitaxial graphene and bulk graphite: A comparison"
000267699700019	X	"We investigate an effective low-energy theory of HgTe quantum wells near their mass inversion thickness in a perpendicular magnetic field. By comparison of the effective band structure with a more elaborated and well-established model, the parameter regime and the validity of the effective model are scrutinized. Optical transitions in HgTe quantum wells are analyzed. We find selection rules which we functionalize to optically manipulate edge-state transport. Qualitatively, our findings equally apply to optical edge current manipulation in graphene.; Optical manipulation of edge-state transport in HgTe quantum wells in the quantum Hall regime"
000267830600013	X	"It has long been known that the bone adapts according to the local mechanical environment. To date, however, a model for studying the effects of functional mechanical loading on tissue-engineered bone repair in vivo has not yet been established. We have developed a rat femoral defect model, in which ambulatory loads are transduced through the implanted tissue-engineered construct to elucidate the role of the mechanical environment in functional restoration of a large bone defect. This model uses compliant fixation plates with integrated elastomeric segments, which allow transduction of ambulatory loads. Multiaxially and uniaxially compliant plates were characterized by mechanical testing and evaluated using in vivo pilot studies. In the first study, experimental limbs were implanted with multiaxial plates, which have a low stiffness in multiple loading modes. In the second study, experimental limbs were stabilized by a uniaxial plate, which allowed only axial deformation of the defect. X-ray scans and mechanical testing revealed that the multiaxial plates were insufficient to stabilize the defect and prevent fracture under ambulatory loads as a result of low flexural and torsional stiffness. The uniaxial plates, however, maintained integrity of the defect when implanted over a 12 week period. Postmortem microCT scans revealed a 19% increase in bone volume in the axially loaded limb compared with the contralateral standard control, and postmortem mechanical testing indicated that torsional strength and stiffness were increased 25.6- and 3.9-fold, respectively, compared with the control. Finite element modeling revealed high strain gradients in the soft tissue adjacent to the newly formed bone within the implanted construct. This study introduces an in vivo model for studying the effects of physiological mechanical loading on tissue-engineered bone repair. Preliminary results using this new in vivo model with the uniaxially compliant plate showed positive effects of load-bearing on functional defect repair.; In Vivo Model for Evaluating the Effects of Mechanical Stimulation on Tissue-Engineered Bone Repair"
000267852700012	X	"In this paper, an approximate dynamic programming (ADP) based strategy is applied to the dual adaptive control problem. The ADP strategy provides a computationally amenable way to build a significantly improved policy by solving dynamic programming on only those points of the hyper-state space sampled during closed-loop Monte Carlo simulations performed under known suboptimal control policies. The potentials of the ADP approach for generating a significantly improved policy are illustrated on an ARX process with unknown/varying parameters. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; An approximate dynamic programming based approach to dual adaptive control"
000268003500064	X	"The optimization of Fresnel zone plates using a genetic algorithm and a the body-of-revolution, finite-difference time-domain simulator is studied. This technique is applied to zone plates for use in a free-space, focused-beam system to measure the electrical properties of materials. The results are compared with a traditionally designed Zone plate and a doubly hyperbolic lens. (c) 2009 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Microwave Opt Technol Lett 51: 2223-2227, 2009; Published online in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com). DOI 10.1002/mop.24520; DESIGN AND OPTIMIZATION OF FRESNEL ZONE PLATES USING A GENETIC ALGORITHM AND A FULL-ELECTROMAGNETIC SIMULATOR"
000268012000019	X	"Central and peripheral injections of fghrelin potently stimulates food intake via its receptor, GHSR1a expressed in the brain. In this study, we explored the role of GHSR1a in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus (PVN) by reducing their gene expression using the RNA interference (RNAi). pSUPER plasmids inserted with sh (short hairpin)-GHSR1a were injected into the PVN to reduce its expression. The transfected rats were monitored daily for their food intake and body weight throughout the experimental period lasting 8 days. We found that knockdown of GHSR1a did not affect daily food intake but significantly reduced body weight and blood ghrelin levels. This suggests that the central ghrelin system could selectively regulate body weight without affecting energy intake. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.; Effect of reducing hypothalamic ghrelin receptor gene expression on energy balance"
000268065000068	X	"Interfaces between wide-bandgap semiconductors and polymeric electronic materials are model systems for geometrically more complicated interfaces formed in nanostructured composite electronic, photonic, and photovoltaic devices. The wide-bandgap semiconductor GaN is readily available with well-defined electronic and structural properties, including reproducible control of doping and conductivity type, and can ideally serve as the inorganic side of the model system. Electron transport through a GaN/poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT) semiconductor heterojunction depends on the conductivity type of the GaN and on the doping level in the polymer. The total contact resistance of a planar P3HT film with GaN contacts in a symmetric p-GaN/P3HT/p-GaN structure is consistent with the contribution of reversed-biased junction at one of the GaN/P3HT interfaces. An n-GaN/P3HT/n-GaN structure has a lower total resistance than the p-GaN structure, possibly arising from band-to-band tunneling at the interface. Doping the P3HT layer with iodine greatly reduced the contact resistance for interfaces with both conductivity types of GaN.; Electrical properties of GaN/poly(3-hexylthiophene) interfaces"
000268088100007	X	"ROS (reactive oxygen species) overproduction is an important underlying factor for the activation of astrocytes in various neuropathological conditions. In the present Study, we examined ROS production in astrocytes and downstream effects leading to changes in the signalling cascade, morphology and membrane dynamics using menadione, a redox-active compound capable of inducing intracellular ROS. NAD(P)H oxidase-mediated menadione-induced ROS production, which then stimulated phosphorylation of p38 MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase) and ERK1/2 (extracellular-signal-regulated kinase 1/2), and increased actin polymerization and cytoskeletal protrusions. We also showed that astrocyte plasma membranes became more molecularly ordered under oxidative stress, which was abrogated by down-regulating cPLA(2) (cytosolic phospholipase A(2)) either with a pharmacological inhibitor or by RNA interference. In addition, mild disruption of F-actin with cytochalasin D suppressed menadione-enhanced phosphorylation of cPLA2 and membrane alterations. Taken together, these results suggest an important role for ROS derived from NAD(P)H oxidase in activation of astrocytes to elicit biochemical, morphological and biophysical changes reminiscent of reactive astrocytes in pathological conditions.; NAD(P)H oxidase-mediated reactive oxygen species production alters astrocyte membrane molecular order via phospholipase A(2)"
000268264400004	X	"We investigate the effects of surface modification of indium tin oxide (ITO) on the performance of organic multilayer molecular photovoltaic devices based on pentacene/C(60) bi-layer heterojunctions. Values of the open-circuit voltage (V(oc)), short circuit current density (J(sc)), fill factor (FF), and power conversion efficiency (eta) are found invariant of the work function and surface hydrophobicity of ITO. Insensitivity of these parameters to variations of work function in the range of 4.50 to 5.40 eV achieved through the use of surface modifiers are correlated with an invariance of the barrier height (similar to 0.6 eV) due to Fermi level pinning at the ITO/pentacene interface. Energy barrier heights are extracted independently from the analysis of the electrical characteristics of single-layer diodes based on modified ITO and pentacene using an equivalent circuit model.; Effects of surface modification of indium tin oxide electrodes on the performance of molecular multilayer organic photovoltaic devices"
000268282800014	X	"Thin film layers are utilized in emerging microelectronics, optoelectronics, and microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) devices. Typically, these thin film layers are composed of different materials with dissimilar properties. A common mode of failure for thin films is delamination caused by external loading or intrinsic stress present in the materials. To characterize bonded thin film material systems, it is necessary to measure the interfacial fracture toughness. When material thicknesses approach micro- and nanoscales, interfacial fracture toughness measurement is a challenging task. Accordingly, innovative test techniques need to be developed to study interfacial fracture parameters. The ongoing research at Georgia Institute of Technology is developing fixtureless delamination test techniques that can be used to measure interfacial properties of micro- and nanoscale thin films. The single substrate decohesion test (SSuDT) and the single-strip decohesion Test (SSDT) are such fixtureless tests under development. In these tests, a thin film interface material of interest is deposited on a substrate. Then, delamination is driven by a superlayer material on top of the interface material. This superlayer material is sputter deposited and has high intrinsic stress. A deposited release layer material allows for the contact area between the interface material and the substrate to be controlled. These tests differ in geometry, but share the same generic methodology and can be used for a number of material systems over a wide range of mode mixities. This paper presents the methodology and implementation of the SSuDT and SSDT tests and compares results to better understand their scope. A case study of the interfacial fracture toughness as a function of mode mixity for titanium and silicon interface was performed.; Silicon and Nanoscale Metal Interface Characterization Using Stress-Engineered Superlayer Test Methods"
000268311000027	X	"Controlling the morphology of the as-synthesized nanostructures is usually challenging, and there lacks of a general theoretical guidance in experimental approach. In this study, a novel way of optimizing the aspect ratio of hydrothermally grown ZnO nanowire (NW) arrays is presented by utilizing a systematic statistical design and analysis method. In this work, we use pick-the-winner rule and one-pair-at-a-time main effect analysis to sequentially design the experiments and identify optimal reaction settings. By controlling the hydrothermal reaction parameters (reaction temperature, time, precursor concentration, and capping agent), we improved the aspect ratio of ZnO NWs from around 10 to nearly 23. The effect of noise on the experimental results was identified and successfully reduced, and the statistical design and analysis methods were very effective in reducing the number of experiments performed and in identifying the optimal experimental settings. In addition, the antireflection spectrum of the as-synthesized ZnO NWs clearly shows that higher aspect ratio of the ZnO NW arrays leads to about 30% stronger suppression in the UV-vis range emission. This shows great potential applications as antireflective coating layers in photovoltaic devices.; Optimizing and Improving the Growth Quality of ZnO Nanowire Arrays Guided by Statistical Design of Experiments"
000268470100008	X	"Many commodity crops are grown for human consumption, and the resulting food products usually contain proteins, some of which may be allergenic. The legumes peanut and soybean as well as tree nuts and,, some cereal grains are well recognized sources of food allergens. In peanut, there are 11 documented allergenic proteins, although the major allergens are considered to be Ara h 1 and Ara h 2 both of which, are seed storage proteins. Methods to reduce or eliminate these proteins from seeds are available and allow the feasibility of this approach to be tested. Greatly reduced amounts of Ara h 2 can be achieved by RNA silencing in transgenic peanut; however, mutagenesis is a more viable and socially acceptable approach to allergen elimination. Although the techniques for mutagenesis are not new, methods for mutant detection at the molecular level have recently been developed. However, these methods are dependent on genome sequence. These methods will facilitate discovery of spontaneous and induced mutations that may be useful over the long term to eliminate certain allergens from peanut. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.; Spontaneous and induced variability of allergens in commodity crops: Ara h 2 in peanut as a case study"
000268523300021	X	"Dithiopheric and fluorene co-polymers containing fused aromatic thieno[3,4-b]pyrazine moieties were synthesized for organic thin film transistor (OTFT) and organic photovoltaic (OPV) applications. Suzuki and Stille polycondensation reactions were used for the polymerization. The band gap (E(g)) of the polymers was tuned in the range of 1.15-1.6 eV to match the solar spectrum. Density functional theory calculations were carried out to rationalize the low band gaps. These polymers showed field effect mobility (mu) as high as 0.2 cm(2)/(V.S) with an on/off ratio as high as 10(6) in OTFT devices. Interestingly, one polymer in this class also showed ambipolar charge transport. Power conversion efficiency (PCE) up to 1.3% was achieved in bulk heterojunction solar cells, indicating that these materials are promising for OPV applications.; Synthesis of Acenaphthyl and Phenanthrene Based Fused-Aromatic Thienopyrazine Co-Polymers for Photovoltaic and Thin Film Transistor Applications"
000268603300009	X	"The secreted proteins encoded by ""parasitism genes"" expressed within the esophageal gland cells of cyst nematodes play important roles in plant parasitism. Homologous transcripts and encoded proteins of the Heterodera glycines pioneer parasitism genes Hgsyv46, Hg4e02 and Hg5d08 were identified and similarly expressed within die esophageal glands cells of Heterodera schachtii, Constitutive expression of Hs4e02 and Hs5D08 in transgenic Arabidopsis thaliana did not produce any visible phenotypic changes in plant growth and development nor affect. the number of H. schachtii females that developed on roots of those plants. Constitutive;And nematode-inducible Arabidopsis expression of double-stranded RNA complementary to Hssyv46, a parasitism gene with function similar to plant CLAVATA3/ESR peptides, resulted in a significant (P <= 0.05) 36% decrease in H. schachtii female numbers and significant host-derived RNA interference-mediated silencing of Hssyv46 transcript levels in nematodes excised from those root. Significant and specific effects of Arabidopsis host-derived RNAi complementary to Hs5d08 or Hv4e02 on H. schachtii female development were not observed, however, LIP to 20% reduction in H. schachtii female numbers were observed in roots of these plants.; Similarity and Functional Analyses of Expressed Parasitism Genes in Heterodera schachtii and Heterodera glycines"
000268618100020	X	"The inability to grow large well-ordered ultra high vacuum (UHV) graphene with a specific number of layers on SiC(0001) is well known. The growth involves several competing processes (Si desorption, carbon diffusion, island nucleation, etc.) and because of the high temperatures, it has not been possible to identify the growth mechanism. Using scanning tunneling microscopy and a vicinal 6H-SiC(0001) sample, we determine that the Si desorption from steps is the main controlling process. Adjacent steps retract with different speeds and the released carbon produces large areas of bilayer graphene with characteristic ""fingers"" emanating from steps. If faster heating rates are used, the different Si desorption rates are avoided and single-layer graphene films extending over many microns are produced.; Growth mechanism for epitaxial graphene on vicinal 6H-SiC(0001) surfaces: A scanning tunneling microscopy study"
000268618100096	X	"Graphene antidot lattices have recently been proposed as a new breed of graphene-based superlattice structures. We study electronic properties of triangular antidot lattices, with emphasis on the occurrence of dispersionless (flat) bands and the ensuing electron localization. Apart from strictly flat bands at zero energy (Fermi level), whose existence is closely related to the bipartite lattice structure, we also find quasiflat bands at low energies. We predict the real-space electron density profiles due to these localized states for a number of representative antidot lattices. We point out that the studied low-energy localized states compete with states induced by the superlattice-scale defects in this system, which have been proposed as hosts for electron-spin qubits. Furthermore, we suggest that local moments formed in these midgap zero-energy states may be at the origin of a surprising saturation of the electron dephasing length observed in recent weak localization measurements in graphene antidot lattices.; Character of electronic states in graphene antidot lattices: Flat bands and spatial localization"
000268650700002	X	"Acid ceramidase (encoded by ASAH1) is a lipid hydrolase that catalyzes the conversion of ceramide (cer) into sphingosine (SPH) and a free fatty acid. Adrenocontical steroidogenesis is regulated by the trophic peptide hormone adrenocorticotropin (ACTH), which induces the expression of steroidogenic genes in the human adrenal cortex primarily via a cAMP/protein kinase A (PKA)-dependent pathway. ACTH also stimulates sphingolipid metabolism in H295R adrenocortical cells leading to changes in steroidogenic gene expression. Based on our previous data identifying SPH as an antagonist for the nuclear receptor steroidogenic factor 1 (SF-1) and the role of ACTH-stimulated changes in sphingolipid metabolism on steroidogenic gene transcription, the aim of the current study was to determine the role of ACTH signaling in regulating the expression of the ASAH1 gene in H295R cells. We show that activation of the ACTH signaling pathway induces ASAH1 gene expression by stimulating the binding of the cAMP-responsive element binding protein (CREB) to multiple regions of the ASAH1 promoter. CREB binding promotes the recruitment of the coactivators CREB binding protein (CBP) and p300 to the CREB-responsive regions of the promoter. Consistent with transcriptional activation, we show that cAMP signaling increases the trimethylation of Lys 4 on histone H3 (H3K4) along the ASAH1 promoter. Finally, RNA interference (RNAi) experiments demonstrate that CREB is indispensable for cAMP-induced ASAH1 transcription. These data identify the ACTH/cAMP signaling pathway and CREB as transcriptional regulators of the ASAH1 gene in the human adrenal cortex. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; The cAMP-responsive element binding protein (CREB) regulates the expression of acid ceramidase (ASAH1) in H295R human adrenocortical cells"
000268703400003	X	"Human embryonic stem cells (hESC) have the potential to produce all of the cells in the body. They are able to self-renew indefinitely, potentially making them a source for large-scale production of therapeutic cell lines. Here, we developed a monolayer differentiation culture that induces hESC (WA09 and BG01) to form epithelial sheets with mesodermal gene expression patterns (BMP4, RUNX1, and GATA4). These E-cadherin(+) CD90(low) cells then undergo apparent epithelial-mesenchymal transition for the derivation of mesenchymal progenitor cells (hESC-derived mesenchymal cells [hES-MC]) that by flow cytometry are negative for hematopoietic (CD34, CD45, and CD133) and endothelial (CD31 and CD146) markers, but positive for markers associated with mesenchymal stem cells (CD73, CD90, CD105, and CD166). To determine their functionality, we tested their capacity to produce the three lineages associated with mesenchymal stem cells and found they could form osteogenic and chondrogenic, but not adipogenic lineages. The derived hES-MC were able to remodel and contract collagen I lattice constructs to an equivalent degree as keloid fibroblasts and were induced to express alpha-smooth muscle actin when exposed to transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta 1, but not platelet derived growth factor-B (PDGF-B). These data suggest that the derived hES-MC are multipotent cells with potential uses in tissue engineering and regenerative medicine and for providing a highly reproducible cell source for adult-like progenitor cells.; Human Embryonic Stem Cell-Derived Mesoderm-like Epithelium Transitions to Mesenchymal Progenitor Cells"
000268741000018	X	"Electron-accepting solution-processable conjugated polymers consisting of perylene diimide moieties alternating with dithienothiophene, oligo(dithienothiophene), or N-dodecyl dithienopyrrole units have been synthesized. All these polymers possess excellent thermal stability with decomposition temperatures over 400 degrees C. The glass-transition temperatures vary from 155 to 263 degrees C. These polymers show broad absorption extending from 250 to 900 nm with electrochemical and optical bandgaps as low as 1.4 eV; the maximum absorbance increases and the bandgap decreases with increasing the conjugation length of oligo(dithienothiophene), while the bandgap can also be decreased by the replacement of dithienothiophene by dithienopyrrole. The electrochemical onset reduction potentials range from -0.8 to -1.0 V vs. ferrocenium/ferrocene, suggesting that the electron affinities are essentially unaffected by the specific choice of donor moiety, while the onset oxidation potentials (+0.6 to +1.0 V) are a little more sensitive to the choice of donor. The mono dithienothiophene and the dithienopyrrole polymers were found to exhibit electron mobilities as high as 1.3 x 10(-2) and 1.2 x 10(-3) cm(2)V(-1)s(-1), respectively, in top-contact organic field-effect transistors. Power conversion efficiencies in the range 0.77-1.1% were obtained under simulated AM 1.5, 100 mW/cm(2) irradiation for all-polymer solar cells using the dithienothiophene-based polymers as acceptors in a 1 : 1 ratio with a polythiophene derivative as a donor. The device performance varies with the conjugation length of oligo(dithienothiophene) in the polymer acceptors, and for the best-performing material it can be further optimized to give a power conversion efficiency of 1.5% by increasing the donor/acceptor weight ratio to 3 : 1.; Copolymers of perylene diimide with dithienothiophene and dithienopyrrole as electron-transport materials for all-polymer solar cells and field-effect transistors"
000268751000480	X	"Solid-state organic photovoltaic technologies are emerging and maturing with reports of power conversion efficiencies close to 5%. This tutorial will provide an overview of the chemistry, the physics and engineering of solar cells based on organic materials. (C) 2007 Optical Society of America; Organic Photovoltaics"
000268756100002	X	"Two CPW-fed elliptical monopoles were fabricated on liquid crystal polymer (LCP) with reconfigurable rejection band (band-notch) characteristics in the frequency range between 5 and 6 GHz. The first antenna uses a lambda/2 long, U-shaped slot and the second antenna uses two symmetrically placed lambda/4 long, inverted L-shaped stubs as resonating elements. Microelectromechanical system (MEMS) switches are used to activate and deactivate the resonating elements without the need of dc bias lines due to a novel design of the switch geometry. Transmission line models and surface current distributions are used to explain the effect of the added resonating elements. Reflection coefficient radiation pattern and gain measurements are presented to verify the design concepts featuring a very satisfactory performance.; UWB Elliptical Monopoles With a Reconfigurable Band Notch Using MEMS Switches Actuated Without Bias Lines"
000268756600010	X	"Shape memory polymers are of interest as high-capacity information storage media. This paper seeks to understand the effects of processing conditions on diethylene glycol dimethacrylate (DEGDMA) and bisphenol A ethoxylate dimethacrylate. Full factorial experiments are performed to characterize the impact of the following parameters: spin speed, spin time, and nitrogen flow rate. A total of ten experiments are conducted. The measured responses are film thickness, uniformity, hardness and modulus. Analysis of variance reveals the above input parameters are significant with respect to the output responses. The full factorial experiment is augmented by a central composite face centered (CCF) design to facilitate process modeling. Neural network models are developed to examine relationships. The average predictability of the models is better than 2% for training and less than 15% in testing. Genetic algorithms are used in optimizing recipes for the two materials.; Modeling and Optimization of the Deposition of Shape Memory Polymers for Information Storage Applications"
000268757000015	X	"In this paper, we present the design, fabrication process, and experimental results of an electroplated metal buried interconnect and through-wafer via technology suitable for extremely low resistance interconnection of microelectronic devices. The technology is demonstrated using a 3-D daisy-chain test structure comprised of electroplated through-wafer vias buried in the silicon substrate to form the respective interconnect. In contrast to the conventional daisy-chain structures used in flip chip joining and packaging, the designed structure is fabricated on a single substrate without requiring a subsequent bonding process. The top connectors formed on the front-side of the substrate are connected to bottom connectors buried inside the substrate (buried interconnects) through 61-m-high, void-free, fully-filled, electroplated vias. The metal electroplated buried interconnects are fabricated at the bottom surface of 232-m-deep trenches formed on the backside of the substrate. Processes for forming deep trenches with rounded-off edges and photoresist spray coating have been developed to fabricate the buried interconnects and complete the daisy-chain structure. Developed processes enable conformal photoresist deposition inside the deep vertical trenches with excellent step and sidewall coverage, surpassing the limitations of conventional fabrication approaches. Furthermore, electroplating molds were perfectly patterned at the bottom of these deep trenches. Through-wafer vias with controllable height are fabricated by direct bottom-up plating from the buried interconnect without additional preparation, such as wafer bonding or hole filling processes. The interconnection scheme developed in this research considerably reduces the height of narrow vertical vias, compared to conventional through-wafer vias, and enables a high density array of interconnect structures. Moreover, low resistance interconnect suitable for high power applications can be realized with thick electroplated copper and fully-filled vias. Buried interconnect can be also utilized in high voltage transistor applications. Resistance testing has been performed to validate the electrical integrity of the fabricated daisy-chain structure, and the results are compared with simulation and analytical calculations.; Electroplated Metal Buried Interconnect and Through-Wafer Metal-Filled Via Technology for High-Power Integrated Electronics"
000268797200022	X	"Catalyst-free, direct heteroepitaxial growth of vertical InAs nanowires on Si(111) substrates was accomplished over a large area by metal-organic chemical vapor deposition. Nanowires showed very uniform diameters and a zinc blende crystal structure. The heterojunctions formed at the interface between the n-type InAs nanowires and the p-type Si substrate were exploited to fabricate vertical array photodiode devices which showed an excellent rectification ratio and low reverse leakage current. Temperature-dependent current transport across the heterojunctions was studied theoretically and experimentally in the dark and under AM 1.5 illumination. When operated in photovoltaic mode, the open-circuit voltage was found to increase linearly with decreasing temperature while the energy conversion efficiency changed nonmonotonically with a maximum of 2.5% at 110 K. Modeling of the nanowire/substrate heterojunctions showed good agreement with the experimental observations, and allowed determining the conduction band offset between the InAs nanowires and Si to be 0.10-0.15 eV. The external quantum efficiency and photoresponsivity profiles of the device showed a broad spectral response from the visible to the infrared region, indicating potential applications as a broad band photovoltaic cell or a visible-infrared dual-band photodetector.; Direct Heteroepitaxy of Vertical InAs Nanowires on Si Substrates for Broad Band Photovoltaics and Photodetection"
000268853400092	X	Assessing RNAi Gene Targets of Root-knot Nematodes in Composite Transgenic Soybean.
000269022800006	X	"Typical tasks of a river monitoring network design include the selection of the water quality parameters, selection of sampling and measurement methods for these parameters, identification of the locations of sampling stations and determination of the sampling frequencies. These primary design considerations may require a variety of objectives, constraints and solutions. In this study we focus on the optimal river water quality monitoring network design aspect of the overall monitoring program and propose a novel methodology for the analysis of this problem. In the proposed analysis, the locations of sampling sites are determined such that the contaminant detection time is minimized for the river network while achieving maximum reliability for the monitoring system performance. Altamaha river system in the State of Georgia, USA is chosen as an example to demonstrate the proposed methodology. The results show that the proposed model can be effectively used for the optimal design of monitoring networks in river systems. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Optimal water quality monitoring network design for river systems"
000269154500004	X	"Physics-based equivalent circuit models are presented for armchair and zigzag graphene nanoribbons (GNRs), and their conductances have been benchmarked against those of carbon nanotubes and copper wires. Atomically thick GNRs with smooth edges can potentially have smaller resistances compared with copper wires with unity aspect ratios for widths below 8 nm and stacks of noninteracting GNRs can have substantially smaller resistivities compared to Cu wires. It is shown that rough edges can increase the resistance of narrow GNRs by an order of magnitude. This fact highlights the need for patterning methods that can produce relatively smooth edges to fabricate low resistance GNR interconnects.; Compact Physics-Based Circuit Models for Graphene Nanoribbon Interconnects"
000269288500053	X	"We have systematically investigated the effect of oxidation on the structural and electronic properties of graphene based on first-principles calculations. Energetically favorable atomic configurations and building blocks are identified, which contain epoxide and hydroxyl groups in close proximity with each other. Different arrangements of these units yield a local-density approximation band gap over a range of a few eV. These results suggest the possibility of creating and tuning the band gap in graphene by varying the oxidation level and the relative amount of epoxide and hydroxyl functional groups on the surface.; Structural and Electronic Properties of Oxidized Graphene"
000269403000033	X	"Electrospinning is a useful technique that can generate micro and nanometer-sized fibers. Modification of the electrospinning parameters, such as deposition target geometry, can generate uniaxially aligned fibers for use in diverse applications ranging from tissue engineering to material fabrication. For example, meshes of fibers have been shown to mimic the extracellular matrix networks for use in smooth muscle cell proliferation. Further, aligned fibers can guide neurites to grow along the direction of the fibers. Here we present a novel electrospinning deposition target that combines the benefits of two previously reported electrodes: the standard parallel electrodes and the spinning wheel with a sharpened edge. This new target design significantly improves aligned fiber yield. Specifically, the target consists of two parallel aluminum plates with sharpened edges containing a bifurcating angle of 26 degrees. Electric field computations show a larger probable area of aligned electric field vectors. This new deposition target allows fibers to deposit on a larger cross-sectional area relative to the existing parallel electrode and at least doubles the yield of uniaxially aligned fibers. Further, fiber alignment and morphology are preserved after collection from the deposition target. (C) 2009 American Institute of Chemical Engineers Biotechnol. Prog., 25: 1169-1175, 2009; A Novel Electrospinning Target to Improve the Yield of Uniaxially Aligned Fibers"
000269708900001	X	"A primary regenerative medicine strategy is to stimulate or augment endogenous repair mechanisms that promote functional restoration of damaged or degenerated tissues. There is increasing evidence that maximizing the potency of tissue regenerative therapies will require design and development of delivery approaches that provide controlled spatiotemporal release of key signaling molecules. Guidance on which factors to deliver and the timing of delivery is emerging from advances in understanding of critical pathways involved in the development of integrated musculoskeletal tissues. A broad range of biomaterials-based deployment technologies are becoming available that allow controlled spatial presentation and release kinetics of biological cues. The purpose of this perspective article is to review promising spatiotemporal delivery strategies designed to promote functional tissue regeneration with an emphasis on vascularized bone repair. J Bone Miner Res 2009;24:1507-1511. Published online on August 3, 2009; doi: 10.1359/JBMR.090801; Spatiotemporal Delivery Strategies for Promoting Musculoskeletal Tissue Regeneration"
000269791600002	X	"A 3-D pattern-space representation is presented for volumetric arrays. In this representation, the radiation pattern of an array is formed by the evaluation of the 3-D pattern-space on a spherical surface. The scan angle of the array determines the position of this surface within the pattern-space. This pattern-space representation is used in conjunction with a genetic algorithm to minimize the sidelobe levels exhibited by a thinned volumetric array during scanning.; A 3-D Pattern-Space Representation for Volumetric Arrays"
000269816600010	X	"A niched Pareto genetic algorithm based approach is utilized to optimize a heat pipe with axial ""Omega""shaped micro grooves. The effects of the structural parameters are evaluated and optimized with respect to the heat transfer performance in order to model the heat transfer capability and total thermal resistance of this novel heat pipe. Using the heat transfer capability and total thermal resistance as the objective function and the structure parameters as the decision variable, the optimization design for the heat pipe is performed using the niche genetic algorithm. The results indicate that the heat transfer capability and the total heat resistance are inversely coupled and as a result, the optimization must be constructed on the application objective. Using the niched Pareto genetic algorithm and the pre-specified application constraints, a Pareto-optimal solution set can be determined and the optimal design for a given application is selected. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Optimization of heat pipe with axial ""Omega""-shaped micro grooves based on a niched Pareto genetic algorithm (NPGA)"
000269850300124	X	"We report on the performance of organic solar cells based on pentacene/C(60) heterojunctions as a function of active area. Devices with areas of 0.13 and 7 cm(2) were fabricated on indium-tin-oxide (ITO) coated glass. Degradation of the performance with increased area is observed and analyzed in terms of the power loss density concept. The various power loss contributions to the total series resistance (R(S)A) are measured independently and compared to the values of the series resistance extracted from the current-voltage characteristics using a Shockley equivalent circuit model. The limited sheet resistance of ITO is found to be one of the major limiting factors when the area of the cell is increased. To reduce the effects of series resistance, thick, electroplated, metal grid electrodes were integrated with ITO in large-area cells. The metal grids were fabricated directly onto ITO and passivated with an insulator to prevent electrical shorts during the deposition of the top Al electrode. By integrating metal grids onto ITO, the series resistance could be reduced significantly yielding improved performance. Design guidelines for metal grids are described and tradeoffs are discussed.; Area-scaling of organic solar cells"
000269859100003	X	"Linear programs with joint probabilistic constraints (PCLP) are difficult to solve because the feasible region is not convex. We consider a special case of PCLP in which only the right-hand side is random and this random vector has a finite distribution. We give a mixed-integer programming formulation for this special case and study the relaxation corresponding to a single row of the probabilistic constraint. We obtain two strengthened formulations. As a byproduct of this analysis, we obtain new results for the previously studied mixing set, subject to an additional knapsack inequality. We present computational results which indicate that by using our strengthened formulations, instances that are considerably larger than have been considered before can be solved to optimality.; An integer programming approach for linear programs with probabilistic constraints"
000269863700009	X	"This study describes techniques for the cascade modeling and the optimization that are required to conduct the simulator-based process optimization of solar cell fabrication. Two modeling approaches, neural networks and genetic programming, are employed to model the crucial relation for the consecutively connected two processes in solar cell fabrication. One model (Model 1) is used to map the five inputs (time, amount of nitrogen and DI water in surface texturing and temperature and time in emitter diffusion) to the two outputs (reflectance and sheet resistance) of the first process. The other model (Model 2) is used to connect the two inputs (reflectance and sheet resistance) to the one output (efficiency) of the second process. After modeling of the two processes, genetic algorithms and particle swarm optimization were applied to search for the optimal recipe. In the first optimization stage, we searched for the optimal reflectance and sheet resistance that can provide the best efficiency in the fabrication process. The optimized reflectance and sheet resistance found by the particle swarm optimization were better than those found by the genetic algorithm. In the second optimization stage, the five input parameters were searched by using the reflectance and sheet resistance values obtained in the first stage. The found five variables such as the texturing time, amount of nitrogen, DI water, diffusion time, and temperature are used as a recipe for the solar cell fabrication. The amount of nitrogen, DI water, and diffusion time in the optimized recipes showed considerable differences according to the modeling approaches. More importantly, repeated applications of particle swarm optimization yielded process conditions with smaller variations, implying greater consistency in recipe generation.; Optimization of silicon solar cell fabrication based on neural network and genetic programming modeling"
000270014200045	X	"We describe the design and characterization of a potent human respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) nucleocapsid gene-specific small interfering RNA (siRNA), ALN-RSV01. In in vitro RSV plaque assays, ALN-RSV01 showed a 50% inhibitory concentration of 0.7 nM. Sequence analysis of primary isolates of RSV showed that the siRNA target site was absolutely conserved in 89/95 isolates, and ALN-RSV01 demonstrated activity against all isolates, including those with single-mismatch mutations. In vivo, intranasal dosing of ALN-RSV01 in a BALB/c mouse model resulted in potent antiviral efficacy, with 2.5- to 3.0-log-unit reductions in RSV lung concentrations being achieved when ALN-RSV01 was administered prophylactically or therapeutically in both single-dose and multidose regimens. The specificity of ALN-RSV01 was demonstrated in vivo by using mismatch controls; and the absence of an immune stimulatory mechanism was demonstrated by showing that nonspecific siRNAs that induce alpha interferon and tumor necrosis factor alpha lack antiviral efficacy, while a chemically modified form of ALN-RSV01 lacking measurable immunostimulatory capacity retained full activity in vivo. Furthermore, an RNA interference mechanism of action was demonstrated by the capture of the site-specific cleavage product of the RSV mRNA via rapid amplification of cDNA ends both in vitro and in vivo. These studies lay a solid foundation for the further investigation of ALN-RSV01 as a novel therapeutic antiviral agent for clinical use by humans.; RNA Interference-Mediated Silencing of the Respiratory Syncytial Virus Nucleocapsid Defines a Potent Antiviral Strategy"
000270032800008	X	"This paper addresses a general class of capacity planning problems under uncertainty, which arises, for example, in semiconductor tool purchase planning. Using a scenario tree to model the evolution of the uncertainties, we develop a multistage stochastic integer programming formulation for the problem. In contrast to earlier two-stage approaches, the multistage model allows for revision of the capacity expansion plan as more information regarding the uncertainties is revealed. We provide analytical bounds for the value of multistage stochastic programming (VMS) afforded over the two-stage approach. By exploiting a special substructure inherent in the problem, we develop an efficient approximation scheme for the difficult multistage stochastic integer program and prove that the proposed scheme is asymptotically optimal. Computational experiments with realistic-scale problem instances suggest that the VMS for this class of problems is quite high; moreover, the quality and performance of the approximation scheme is very satisfactory. Fortunately, this is more so for instances for which the VMS is high.; The Value of Multistage Stochastic Programming in Capacity Planning Under Uncertainty"
000270073600008	X	"We consider the edge-partition problem, which is a graph theoretic problem arising in the design of Synchronous Optical Networks. The deterministic edge-partition problem considers an undirected graph with weighted edges, and simultaneously assigns nodes and edges to subgraphs such that each edge appears in exactly one subgraph. and such that no edge is assigned to a subgraph unless both of its incident nodes are also assigned to that subgraph. Additionally, there are limitations on the number of nodes and on the sum of edge weights that can be assigned to each subgraph. In this paper, we consider a stochastic version of the edge-partition problem in which we assign nodes to subgraphs in a first stage, realize a set of edge weights from a finite set of alternatives, and then assign edges to subgraphs. We first prescribe a two-stage cutting plane approach with integer variables in both stages, and examine computational difficulties associated with the proposed cutting planes. As an alternative, we prescribe a hybrid integer programming/constraint programming algorithm capable of solving a suite of test instances within practical computational limits. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Cutting plane algorithms for solving a stochastic edge-partition problem"
000270159700008	X	"The search for an ideal graphene sheet has been a quest driving graphene research. While most research has focused on exfoliated graphene, intrinsic substrate interactions and mechanical disorder have precluded the observation of a number of graphene's expected physical properties in this material. The only graphene candidate that has demonstrated all the essential properties of an ideal sheet is multilayer graphene grown on the SiC(000 (1) over bar) Surface. Its unique stacking allows nearly all the sheets in the stack to behave like isolated graphene, while the weak graphene-graphene interaction prevents any significant doping or distortion in the band near the Fermi level. (c) 2009 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim; Epitaxial graphene: the material for graphene electronics"
000270256300445	X	AGRO 122-Engineering broad-spectrum root-knot resistance in crops using RNAi silencing of a root-knot nematode parasitism gene
000270293400001	X	"Background: Mate choice is of central importance to most animals, influencing population structure, speciation, and ultimately the survival of a species. Mating behavior of male brachionid rotifers is triggered by the product of a chemosensory gene, a glycoprotein on the body surface of females called the mate recognition pheromone. The mate recognition pheromone has been biochemically characterized, but little was known about the gene(s). We describe the isolation and characterization of the mate recognition pheromone gene through protein purification, N-terminal amino acid sequence determination, identification of the mate recognition pheromone gene from a cDNA library, sequencing, and RNAi knockdown to confirm the functional role of the mate recognition pheromone gene in rotifer mating. Results: A 29 kD protein capable of eliciting rotifer male circling was isolated by high-performance liquid chromatography. Two transcript types containing the N-terminal sequence were identified in a cDNA library; further characterization by screening a genomic library and by polymerase chain reaction revealed two genes belonging to each type. Each gene begins with a signal peptide region followed by nearly perfect repeats of an 87 to 92 codon motif with no codons between repeats and the final motif prematurely terminated by the stop codon. The two Type A genes contain four and seven repeats and the two Type B genes contain three and five repeats, respectively. Only the Type B gene with three repeats encodes a peptide with a molecular weight of 29 kD. Each repeat of the Type B gene products contains three asparagines as potential sites for N-glycosylation; there are no asparagines in the Type A genes. RNAi with Type A double-stranded RNA did not result in less circling than in the phosphate-buffered saline control, but transfection with Type B double-stranded RNA significantly reduced male circling by 17%. The very low divergence between repeat units, even at synonymous positions, suggests that the repeats are kept nearly identical through a process of concerted evolution. Information-rich molecules like surface glycoproteins are well adapted for chemical communication and aquatic animals may have evolved signaling systems based on these compounds, whereas insects use cuticular hydrocarbons. Conclusion: Owing to its critical role in mating, the mate recognition pheromone gene will be a useful molecular marker for exploring the mechanisms and rates of selection and the evolution of reproductive isolation and speciation using rotifers as a model system. The phylogenetic variation in the mate recognition pheromone gene can now be studied in conjunction with the large amount of ecological and population genetic data being gathered for the Brachionus plicatilis species complex to understand better the evolutionary drivers of cryptic speciation.; Genetic determinants of mate recognition in Brachionus manjavacas (Rotifera)"
000270347700009	X	"Planning horizon is a key issue in production planning. Different from previous approaches based on Markov Decision Processes, we study the planning horizon of capacity planning problems within the framework of stochastic programming. We first consider an infinite horizon stochastic capacity planning model involving a single resource, linear cost structure, and discrete distributions for general stochastic cost and demand data (non-Markovian and non-stationary). We give sufficient conditions for the existence of an optimal solution. Furthermore, we study the monotonicity property of the finite horizon approximation of the original problem. We show that, the optimal objective value and solution of the finite horizon approximation problem will converge to the optimal objective value and solution of the infinite horizon problem, when the time horizon goes to infinity. These convergence results, together with the integrality of decision variables, imply the existence of a planning horizon. We also develop a useful formula to calculate an upper bound on the planning horizon. Then by decomposition, we show the existence of a planning horizon for a class of very general stochastic capacity planning problems, which have complicated decision structure. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; A stochastic programming approach for planning horizons of infinite horizon capacity planning problems"
000270366800056	X	An active control method is proposed and demonstrated to improve grating-based laser interferometry to achieve low-noise (subpicometer resolution) and multiwavelength unambiguous range of operation simultaneously. The method modifies a recurrent calibration-based path stabilization algorithm to extract high-resolution and low-resolution data in parallel. This extended range recurrent calibration method is experimentally verified by implementing it on the micromachined scanning grating interferometer (mu SGI). (C) 2009 Optical Society of America; Active control of grating interferometers for extended-range low-noise operation
000270382400004	X	Removing the adjacent thiophene groups around the acceptor core in low band gap polymers significantly enhances solar cell efficiency through increasing the optical absorption and raising the ionization potential of the polymer.; Molecular design for improved photovoltaic efficiency: band gap and absorption coefficient engineering
000270383300018	X	"A continuum equation for step motion is used to explain fingerlike structures observed when graphene is grown epitaxially by step flow decomposition of SiC(0001). A linear stability analysis predicts when a morphological perturbation of a straight moving step grows or decays as a function of growth temperature, the background pressure of Si maintained during growth, and the presence of an inert buffer gas used to retard the escape of Si atoms from the crystal surface. The theory gives semiquantitative agreement with experiment for the characteristic separation between fingers observed when graphene is grown in a low-pressure induction furnace or under ultrahigh vacuum conditions. A local heating mechanism is proposed as the driving force for instability.; Step-edge instability during epitaxial growth of graphene from SiC(0001)"
000270553200023	X	"Synthetic polymers have attracted much attention in tissue engineering due to their ability to modulate biomechanical properties. This study investigated the feasibility of processing poly(e-caprolactone) (PCL) homopolymer, PCL-poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) diblock, and PCL-PEG-PCL triblock copolymers into three-dimensional porous scaffolds. Properties of the various polymers were investigated by dynamic thermal analysis. The scaffolds were manufactured using the desktop robot-based rapid prototyping technique. Gross morphology and internal three-dimensional structure of scaffolds were identified by scanning electron microscopy and micro-computed tomography, which showed excellent fusion at the filament junctions, high uniformity, and complete interconnectivity of pore networks. The influences of process parameters on scaffolds' morphological and mechanical characteristics were studied. Data confirmed that the process parameters directly influenced the pore size, porosity, and, consequently, the mechanical properties of the scaffolds. The in vitro cell culture study was performed to investigate the influence of polymer nature and scaffold architecture on the adhesion of the cells onto the scaffolds using rabbit smooth muscle cells. Light, scanning electron, and confocal laser microscopy showed cell adhesion, proliferation, and extracellular matrix formation on the surface as well as inside the structure of both scaffold groups. The completely interconnected and highly regular honeycomb-like pore morphology supported bridging of the pores via cell-to-cell contact as well as production of extracellular matrix at later time points. The results indicated that the incorporation of hydrophilic PEG into hydrophobic PCL enhanced the overall hydrophilicity and cell culture performance of PCL-PEG copolymer. However, the scaffold architecture did not significantly influence the cell culture performance in this study.; Processing of Polycaprolactone and Polycaprolactone-Based Copolymers into 3D Scaffolds, and Their Cellular Responses"
000271173400017	X	"Cartilage tissue-engineering strategies aim to produce a functional extracellular matrix similar to that of the native tissue. However, none of the myriad approaches taken have successfully generated a construct possessing the structure, composition, and mechanical properties of healthy articular cartilage. One possible approach to modulating the matrix composition and mechanical properties of engineered tissues is through the use of bioreactor-driven mechanical stimulation. In this Study, we hypothesized that exposing scaffold-free cartilaginous tissue constructs to 7 days of continuous shear stress at 0.001 or 0.1 Pa would increase collagen deposition and tensile mechanical properties compared to that of static controls. Histologically, type 11 collagen staining was evident in all construct groups, while a surface layer of type I collagen increased in thickness with increasing shear stress magnitude. The areal fraction of type I collagen was higher in the 0.1-Pa group (25.2 +/- 2.2%) than either the 0.001-Pa (13.6 +/- 3.8%) or the static (7.9 +/- 1.5%) group. Type II collagen content, as assessed by ELISA, was also higher in the 0.1-Pa group (7.5 +/- 2.1%) compared to the 0.001-Pa (3.0 +/- 2.25%) or static groups (3.7 +/- 3.2%). Temporal gene expression analysis showed a flow-induced increase in type I and type II collagen expression within 24 h of exposure. Interestingly, while the 0.1-Pa group showed higher collagen content, this group retained less sulfated glycosaminoglycans in the matrix over time in bioreactor Culture. Increases in both tensile Young's modulus and ultimate strength were observed with increasing shear stress, yielding constructs possessing a modulus of nearly 5 MPa and strength of 1.3 MPa. This study demonstrates that shear stress is a potent modulator of both the amount and type of synthesized extracellular matrix constituents in engineered cartilaginous tissue with corresponding effects on mechanical function. Biotechnol. Bioeng. 2009;104: 809-820. (C) 2009 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.; Shear Stress Magnitude and Duration Modulates Matrix Composition and Tensile Mechanical Properties in Engineered Cartilaginous Tissue"
000271352400035	X	"Magneto-Raman scattering study of the E(2g) optical phonons in multilayer epitaxial graphene grown on a carbon face of SiC is presented. At 4.2 K in magnetic field up to 33 T, we observe a series of well-pronounced avoided crossings each time the optically active inter-Landau level transition is tuned in resonance with the E(2g) phonon excitation (at 196 meV). The width of the phonon Raman scattering response also shows pronounced variations and is enhanced in conditions of resonance. The experimental results are well reproduced by a model that gives directly the strength of the electron-phonon interaction.; Tuning the Electron-Phonon Coupling in Multilayer Graphene with Magnetic Fields"
000271389700003	X	"Appropriate porosity is an important biomaterial design criterion for scaffolds used in tissue engineering applications as it can permit increased cell adhesion, migration, proliferation and extracellular matrix production within the scaffold at a tissue defect site. Tissue engineering scaffolds can either be injected in a minimally invasive manner or implanted through surgical procedures. Many injectable scaffolds are hydrogel-based; these materials often possess nanoscale porosity, which is suboptimal for cell migration and proliferation. Solid scaffolds with engineered micron-scale porosity are widely used, but these scaffolds are usually pre-formed and then must be implanted. Here we report on the development of a solid, injectable, biomaterial scaffold that solidifies in situ via phase inversion with microporous, interconnected architecture on the surface and within the bulk. This injectable system utilizes the biodegradable polymer poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid), a nontoxic FDA-approved solvent, and biocompatible porogens. Various scaffold formulations are examined in terms of morphology, porosity, degradation, elastic modulus, and ability to support cellular adhesion and growth. Furthermore, the ability to form a microporous architecture upon injection in vivo is verified. This technology is a promising noninvasive approach for in vivo formation of porous biodegradable scaffolds. (C) 2009 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Injectable poly(lactic-co-glycolic) acid scaffolds with in situ pore formation for tissue engineering"
000271439700006	X	"In this paper, integration and packaging of directional biomimetic microphones using a diffraction-based optical displacement detection method is described. The optical detection method senses the displacement of the microphone diaphragm by monitoring the change in the intensity of a diffracted laser beam. A detailed optical model of the integrated optical detection scheme is developed and used to guide the package design. Measurement results with microphone packages suitable for hearing aid and acoustic measurement systems show that the noise and sensitivity performances of these small-sized microphones are comparable with commercial miniature directional microphones. These microphones incorporate integrated electrostatic actuators which can be used for active feedback control. This capability is also demonstrated to improve the frequency response of the microphone without degrading its noise performance.; Integrated Optical Displacement Detection and Electrostatic Actuation for Directional Optical Microphones With Micromachined Biomimetic Diaphragms"
000271513600049	X	"The exciton-dissociation and charge-recombination processes in organic solar cells based on pentacene/C(60) heterojunctions are investigated by means of quantum-mechanical calculations. The electronic couplings and the rates of exciton dissociation and charge recombination have been evaluated for several geometrical configurations of the pentacene/C(60) complex, which are relevant to bilayer and bulk heterojunctions. The results suggest that, irrespective of the actual pentacene-fullerene orientation, both pentacene-based and C(60)-based excitons are able to dissociate efficiently. Also, in the case of parallel configurations of the molecules at the pentacene/C(60) interface, the decay of the lowest charge-transfer state to the ground state is calculated to be very fast; as a result, it can compete with the dissociation process into mobile charge carriers. Since parallel configurations are expected to be found more frequently in bulk heterojunctions than in bilayer heterojunctions, the performance of pentacene/C(60) bulk-heterojunction solar cells is likely to be more affected by charge recombination than that of bilayer devices.; Exciton-Dissociation and Charge-Recombination Processes in Pentacene/C(60) Solar Cells: Theoretical Insight into the Impact of Interface Geometry"
000271688000022	X	This paper addresses the problem of finding a control policy that drives a generic discrete event stochastic system from an initial state to a set of goal states with a specified probability. The control policy is iteratively constructed via an approximate dynamic programming (ADP) technique over a small subset of the state space that is evolved via Monte Carlo simulations. The effect of certain user-chosen parameters on the performance of the algorithm is investigated The method is evaluated on several stochastic shortest path (SSP) examples and on a manufacturing job shop problem. We solve SSP problems that contain up to one million states to illustrate the scaling of computational and memory benefits with respect to the problem size. In the case of the manufacturing job shop example. the proposed ADP approach outperforms a traditional rolling horizon math programming approach. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Controlled exploration of state space in off-line ADP and its application to stochastic shortest path problems
000271746800012	X	"It is becoming evident that tissue-engineered constructs adapt to altered mechanical loading, and that specific combinations of multidirectional loads appear to have a synergistic effect on the remodeling. However, most studies of mechanical stimulation of engineered vascular tissue engineering employ only uniaxial stimulation. Here we present a novel computer-controlled bioreactor and biomechanical testing device designed to precisely and simultaneously control mean and cyclic values of transmural pressure (at rates up to 1Hz and ranges of 40 mmHg), luminal flow rate, and axial length (or load) applied to gel-derived, scaffold-derived, and self-assembly-derived tissue-engineered blood vessels during culture, while monitoring vessel geometry with a resolution of 6.6 mu m. Intermittent monitoring of the extracellular matrix and cells is accomplished on live tissues using multi-photon confocal microscopy under unloaded and loaded conditions at multiple time-points in culture (on the same vessel) to quantify changes in cell and extracellular matrix content and organization. This same device is capable of performing intermittent cylindrical biaxial biomechanical testing at multiple time-points in culture (on the same vessel) to quantify changes in the mechanical behavior during culture. Here we demonstrate the capabilities of this new device on self-assembly-derived and collagen-gel-derived tissue-engineered blood vessels.; A Novel Cylindrical Biaxial Computer-Controlled Bioreactor and Biomechanical Testing Device for Vascular Tissue Engineering"
000271775109360	X	PMSE 79-Perylene materials for photovoltaic applications
000271820300009	X	"It has been proposed that the transcriptional regulation of secondary wall biosynthesis in Arabidopsis is controlled by a transcriptional network mediated by SND1 and its close homologs. Uncovering all the transcription factors and deciphering their interrelationships in the network are essential for our understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying the transcriptional regulation of biosynthesis of secondary walls, the major constituent of wood and fibers. Here, we present functional evidence that the MYB83 transcription factor is another molecular switch in the SND1-mediated transcriptional network regulating secondary wall biosynthesis. MYB83 is specifically expressed in fibers and vessels where secondary wall thickening occurs. Its expression is directly activated by SND1 and its close homologs, including NST1, NST2, VND6 and VND7, indicating that MYB83 is their direct target. MYB83 overexpression is able to activate a number of the biosynthetic genes of cellulose, xylan and lignin and concomitantly induce ectopic secondary wall deposition. In addition, its overexpression upregulates the expression of several transcription factors involved in regulation of secondary wall biosynthesis. Dominant repression of MYB83 functions or simultaneous RNAi inhibition of MYB83 and MYB46 results in a reduction in secondary wall thickening in fibers and vessels and a deformation of vessels. Furthermore, double T-DNA knockout mutations of MYB83 and MYB46 cause a lack of secondary walls in vessels and an arrest in plant growth. Together, these results demonstrate that MYB83 and MYB46, both of which are SND1 direct targets, function redundantly in the transcriptional regulatory cascade leading to secondary wall formation in fibers and vessels.; MYB83 Is a Direct Target of SND1 and Acts Redundantly with MYB46 in the Regulation of Secondary Cell Wall Biosynthesis in Arabidopsis"
000271856300047	X	"Silicon-nitride films were deposited by using a plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) system. For a systematic modeling, the PECVD process was characterized by means of a statistical experiment. Using a neural network, an effective lifetime was modeled. An optimized model yielded a prediction model of 2.18 mu s. The model was used to study qualitative mechanisms regarding parameter effects on the lifetime. A refractive index model was also utilized to explore relationships between the life time and [Si-H]/[N-H]. An increase in lifetime with decreasing pressure was attributed to an enhanced [N-H] and became much pronounced at lower hydrogen content. The longer lifetime at either higher SiH(4) flow rate or lower N(2) flow rate was attributed mainly to enhanced [Si-H] or [N-H], respectively.; Use of a Neural Network to Model the Carrier Life Time of Silicon-Nitride Films Deposited by Using PECVD"
000271928200002	X	"Our objective in this Account is 3-fold. First, we provide an overview of the optical and electronic processes that take place in a solid-state organic solar cell, which we define as a cell in which the semiconducting materials between the electrodes are organic, be them polymers, oligomers, or small molecules; this discussion is also meant to set the conceptual framework in which many of the contributions to this Special Issue on Photovoltaics can be viewed. We successively turn our attention to (i) optical absorption and exciton formation, (ii) exciton migration to the donor-acceptor interface, (iii) exciton dissociation into charge carriers, resulting in the appearance of holes in the donor and electrons in the acceptor, (iv) charge-carrier mobility, and (v) charge collection at the electrodes. For each of these processes, we also describe the theoretical challenges that need to be overcome to gain a comprehensive understanding at the molecular level. Finally, we highlight recent theoretical advances, in particular regarding the determination of the energetics and dynamics at organic-organic interfaces, and underline that the right balance needs to be found for the optimization of material parameters that often result in opposite effects on the photovoltaic performance.; Molecular Understanding of Organic Solar Cells: The Challenges"
000271928200009	X	"Organic photovoltaics, which convert sunlight into electricity with thin films of organic semiconductors, have been the subject of active research over the past 20 years. The global energy challenge has greatly increased interest in this technology in recent years. Low-temperature processing of organic small molecules from the vapor phase or of polymers from solution can confer organic semiconductors with a critical advantage over inorganic photovoltaic materials since the high-temperature processing requirements of the latter limit the range of substrates on which they can be deposited. Unfortunately, despite significant advances, the power conversion efficiency of organic solar cells remains low, with maximum values in the range of 6%. A better understanding of the physical processes that determine the efficiency of organic photovoltaic cells is crucial to enhancing their competitiveness with other thin-film technologies. Maximum values for the photocurrent can be estimated from the light-harvesting capability of the individual molecules or polymers in the device. However, a better understanding of the materials-level processes, particularly those in layer-to-layer interfaces, that determine the open-circuit voltage (V(OC)) in organic solar cells is critical and remains the subject of active research. The conventional wisdom is to use organic semiconductors with smaller band gaps to harvest a larger portion of the solar spectrum. This method is not always an effective prescription for increasing efficiency: it ignores the fact that the value of V(OC) is generally decreased in devices employing materials with smaller band gaps, as is the case with inorganic semiconductors. In this Account, we discuss the influence of the different interfaces formed in organic multilayer photovoltaic devices on the value of V(OC); we use pentacene-C(60) solar cells as a model. In particular, we use top and bottom electrodes,with different work function values, finding that V(OC) is-nearly invariant. In contrast, studies on devices incorporating hole-transport layers with different ionization potentials confirm that the value of V(OC) depends largely on the relative energy levels of the donor and acceptor species that form the essential heterojunction. An analysis of the properties of solar cells using equivalent-circuit methods reveals that V(OC) is proportional to the logarithm of the ratio of the photocurrent density J(ph) divided by the reverse saturation current density J(0). Hence, an understanding of the physical origin of J(0) directly yields information on what limits V(OC). We assign the physical origin of J(0) to the thermal excitation of carriers from the donor to the acceptor materials that form the organic heterojunction. Finally, we show that the solution to achieving higher power conversion efficiency in organic solar cells will be to control simultaneously the energetics and the electronic coupling between the donor and acceptor materials, in both the ground and excited state.; Critical Interfaces in Organic Solar Cells and Their Influence on the Open-Circuit Voltage"
000271990000001	X	"Articular cartilage is a highly hydrated tissue with depth-dependent cellular and matrix properties that provide low-friction load bearing in joints. However, the structure and function are frequently lost and there is insufficient repair response to regenerate high-quality cartilage. Several hydrogel-based tissue-engineering strategies have recently been developed to form constructs with biomimetic zonal variations to improve cartilage repair. Modular hydrogel systems allow for systematic control over hydrogel properties, and advanced fabrication techniques allow for control over construct organization. These technologies have great potential to address many unanswered questions involved in prescribing zonal properties to tissue-engineered constructs for cartilage repair.; Strategies for Zonal Cartilage Repair using Hydrogels"
000272061500031	X	Optical Fiber/Nanowire Hybrid Structures for Efficient Three-Dimensional Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells
000272071400003	X	"A microfabrication approach was utilized to create topographic analogs of intestinal crypts on a polymer substrate. It was hypothesized that biomimetic crypt-like micro-architecture may induce changes in small intestinal cell (i.e. Caco-2 cell) phenotype. A test pattern of micro-well features with similar dimensions (50, 100, and 500 mu m diameter, 50 mu m spacing, 120 mu m in depth) to the crypt structures found in native basal lamina was produced in the surface of a poly(dimethylsiloxane) (PDMS) substrate. PDMS surfaces were coated with fibronectin, seeded with intestinal-epithelial-cell-like Caco-2 cells, and cultured up to fourteen days. The cells were able to crawl along the steep side walls and migrated from the bottom to the top of the well structures, completely covering the surface by 4-5 days in culture. The topography of the PDMS substrates influenced cell spreading after seeding; cells spread faster and in a more uniform fashion on flat surfaces than on those with micro-well structures, where cell protrusions extending to micro-well side walls was evident. Substrate topography also affected cell metabolic activity and differentiation; cells had higher mitochondrial activity but lower alkaline phosphatase activity at early time points in culture (2-3 days post-seeding) when seeded on micro-well patterned PDMS substrates compared to flat substrates. These results emphasize the importance of topographical design properties of a scaffolds used for tissue engineered intestine. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Influence of micro-well biomimetic topography on intestinal epithelial Caco-2 cell phenotype"
000272169400018	X	"Compelling evidence indicates that the CRISPR-Cas system protects prokaryotes from viruses and other potential genome invaders. This adaptive prokaryotic immune system arises from the clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPRs) found in prokaryotic genomes, which harbor short invader-derived sequences, and the CRISPR-associated (Cas) protein-coding genes. Here, we have identified a CRISPR-Cas effector complex that is comprised of small invader-targeting RNAs from the CRISPR loci (termed prokaryotic silencing (psi) RNAs) and the RAMP module (or Cmr) Cas proteins. The psiRNA-Cmr protein complexes cleave complementary target RNAs at a fixed distance from the 3' end of the integral psiRNAs. In Pyrococcus furiosus, psiRNAs occur in two size forms that share a common 5' sequence tag but have distinct 3' ends that direct cleavage of a given target RNA at two distinct sites. Our results indicate that prokaryotes possess a unique RNA silencing system that functions by homology-dependent cleavage of invader RNAs.; RNA-Guided RNA Cleavage by a CRISPR RNA-Cas Protein Complex"
000272182000044	X	Angle-resolved photoemission and x-ray diffraction experiments show that multilayer epitaxial graphene grown on the SiC(0001) surface is a new form of carbon that is composed of effectively isolated graphene sheets. The unique rotational stacking of these films causes adjacent graphene layers to electronically decouple leading to a set of nearly independent linearly dispersing bands (Dirac cones) at the graphene K point. Each cone corresponds to an individual macroscale graphene sheet in a multilayer stack where AB-stacked sheets can be considered as low density faults.; First Direct Observation of a Nearly Ideal Graphene Band Structure
000272462900007	X	"Biomechanical factors profoundly influence the processes of tissue growth, development, maintenance, degeneration, and repair. Regenerative strategies to restore damaged or diseased tissues in vivo and create living tissue replacements in vitro have recently begun to harness advances in understanding of how cells and tissues sense and adapt to their mechanical environment. It is clear that biomechanical considerations will be fundamental to the successful development of clinical therapies based on principles of tissue engineering and regenerative medicine for a broad range of musculoskeletal, cardiovascular, craniofacial, skin, urinary, and neural tissues. Biomechanical stimuli may in fact hold the key to producing regenerated tissues with high strength and endurance. However, many challenges remain, particularly for tissues that function within complex and demanding mechanical environments in vivo. This paper reviews the present role and potential impact of experimental and computational biomechanics in engineering functional tissues using several illustrative examples of past successes and future grand challenges.; The Impact of Biomechanics in Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine"
000272489400006	X	"To address the thermal management challenges associated with high power dissipation devices, we describe a novel hybrid thermal management device that enables significant enhancement of conventional air-cooled heat sinks using on-demand and spatially controlled droplet/jet impingement evaporative cooling. The device architecture modifies an air (gas)-cooled heat sink by adding a multiplexed, planar microelectromechanical system (MEMS)-based droplet ejector array as a capping surface of the finned structure of a conventional heat sink. Such a minimal modification of the heat sink allows one to exploit high heat flux evaporative cooling by virtue of delivering streams of liquid droplets or jets to the highly thermally conducting heat-spreading surface of the heat sink fins. The phase change associated with liquid droplet evaporation results in significant (similar to 50%) enhancement of the dissipated thermal load, beyond what could be achieved by using air (gas) cooling alone. Finally, among the additional key attractive features of the described technology is its ease of implementation (i.e., modification of commercially available heat sinks), paving the way to power-efficient, low-cost thermal management of high power dissipation devices.; Evaporation-Enhanced, Dynamically Adaptive Air (Gas)-Cooled Heat Sink for Thermal Management of High Heat Dissipation Devices"
000272489400014	X	"This paper reports on the design, implementation, and characterization of high-density trench-refilled capacitors in complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) grade silicon (1-10 Omega cm). High aspect ratio trench-refilled capacitors offer a capacitance density improvement of three orders of magnitude compared to thin-film capacitors with the same die area and dielectric thickness. Also, dielectric materials such as low-pressure chemical vapor deposition (LPCVD) silicon oxide and silicon nitride are utilized to enhance the breakdown voltage of these devices. The high aspect ratio polysilicon and single crystal silicon process was utilized to implement these capacitors, giving a gap aspect ratio of >4000. This ultrahigh vertical capacitance area achieves an ultralarge capacitance density without requiring thin-or high-k dielectric material. High-value capacitors of values ranging from 40 nF to 4 mu F with capacitance density of 58 (nF/mm(2)) were implemented in silicon as arrays of 170 mu m-deep trenches. LPCVD silicon dioxide and silicon nitride were employed as dielectric materials to provide robust deposition inside the high aspect ratio trenches. Trench-refilled capacitors show quality factors (Q) of 230 and 8, respectively, at 45 nF and 4 mu F capacitances. The breakdown voltage in trench-refilled capacitors with 35 nm-thick Si(3)N(4) is recorded to be as high as 17-V, which is similar to 4x to 10x larger than that of BaTiO(3) and PbZr(x)Ti(1-x)O(3) (PZT) thin-film capacitors with the same dielectric thickness. Furthermore, the capacitances were measured over a temperature range of 25 to 155 degrees C, showing less than 1.8% variation in 45 nF devices. This implies that trench-refilled capacitors are free from the very strong temperature sensitivity exhibited by most high-k materials.; High-Density Embedded Deep Trench Capacitors in Silicon With Enhanced Breakdown Voltage"
000272542100015	X	"A series of highly soluble donor-acceptor (D-A) copolymers containing N-(3,4,5-tri-n-decyloxyphenyl)-dithieno[3,2-b:2',3'-d]pyrrole (DTP) or N-(2-decyltetradecyl)-dithieno[3,2-b:2',3'-d] pyrrole (DTP') as donor and three different acceptors, 4,7-dithien-2-yl-[2,1,3]-benzothiadiazole, 4,9-dithien-2-yl-6,7-di-n-hexyl-[1,2,5]thiadiazolo[3,4-g]quinoxaline and 4,8-dithien-2-yl-2 lambda(4)delta(2)-benzo[1,2-c;4,5-c']bis[1,2,5]thiadiazole (BThX, X = BTD, TQHx(2), BBT, respectively) were synthesized by Stille coupling polymerizations. The optical and electrochemical properties of these copolymers were investigated, along with their use in field-effect transistors and photovoltaic devices. The band gaps (eV) estimated from UV-vis-NIR spectra and electrochemical measurements of the copolymers varied from ca. 1.5-0.5 eV, and were consistent with quantum-chemical estimates extrapolated using density functional theory. Oxidative and reductive spectroelectrochemistry of the copolymers indicated they can be both p-doped and n-doped, and three to four differently colored redox states of the polymers can be accessed through electrochemical oxidation or reduction. The DTP-BThBTD and DTP-BThTQHx(2) copolymers exhibited average field-effect hole mobilities of 1.2 x 10(-4) and 2.2 x 10(-3) cm(2)/(Vs), respectively. DTP-BThBBT exhibited ambipolar field-effect characteristics and showed hole and electron mobilities of 1.2 x 10(-3) and 5.8 x 10(-4) cm(2)/(Vs), respectively. Bulk heterojunction photovoltaic devices made from blends of the copolymers with 3'-phenyl-3'H-cyclopropa[1,9](C(60)-I(h))[5,6]fullerene-3'-butanoic acid methyl ester (PCBM) (1:3 weight ratio) exhibited average power conversion efficiencies as high as 1.3% under simulated irradiance of 75 mW/cm(2).; Dithienopyrrole-based donor-acceptor copolymers: low band-gap materials for charge transport, photovoltaics and electrochromism"
000272592300011	X	Epitaxial graphene (EG) is a new material that consists of one or more graphene layers that are grown on single crystal silicon carbide. EG research has for the past 6 years focused on material production and processing. High quality material can now be produced and processing methods are promising. Progress is reviewed here with an emphasis on the recently discovered multilayered epitaxial graphene (MEG) which is multilayered yet exhibits the properties of a single layer. The status of this rapidly developing field is briefly reviewed with an emphasis on properties and effects that are relevant for electronics applications.; Epitaxial graphene: Designing a new electronics material
000272603900054	X	"This paper discusses the mechanisms responsible for charging of plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) silicon nitride films used in the fabrication of RF microelectromechanical (MEMS) switches. Nitride films deposited at different temperatures are characterized in order to better understand the effect of deposition conditions on material stoichiometry and stress. Both RF MEMS switches and metal-semiconductor-metal capacitors with PECVD silicon nitride as the dielectric layer were fabricated and their charging mechanisms were examined. Measurements indicate that charging arises from the formation of a defect band where charge transport occurs through a Poole-Frenkel-like effect. The calculated activation energy exhibits direct relation to material stoichiometry, and therefore to the nitride bandgap. Finally, it is viewed that lower temperature nitride is less prone to dielectric charging.; The Effect of Silicon Nitride Stoichiometry on Charging Mechanisms in RF-MEMS Capacitive Switches"
000272627600067	X	"The quantum Hall effect, with a Berry's phase of pi is demonstrated here on a single graphene layer grown on the C-face of 4H silicon carbide. The mobility is similar to 20 000 cm(2)/V center dot s at 4 K and 15 000 cm(2)/V center dot s at 300 K despite contamination and substrate steps. This is comparable to the best exfoliated graphene flakes on SiO(2) and an order of magnitude larger than Si-face epitaxial graphene monolayers. These and other properties indicate that C-face epitaxial graphene is a viable platform for graphene-based electronics.; Half integer quantum Hall effect in high mobility single layer epitaxial graphene"
000272686600023	X	"Nematode parasitism genes encode secreted effector proteins that play a role in host infection. A homologue of the expressed Hg4F01 gene of the root-parasitic soybean cyst nematode, Heterodera glycines, encoding an annexin-like effector, was isolated in the related Heterodera schachtii to facilitate use of Arabidopsis thaliana as a model host. Hs4F01 and its protein product were exclusively expressed within the dorsal oesophageal gland secretory cell in the parasitic stages of H. schachtii. Hs4F01 had a 41% predicted amino acid sequence identity to the nex-1 annexin of C. elegans and 33% identity to annexin-1 (annAt1) of Arabidopsis, it contained four conserved domains typical of the annexin family of calcium and phospholipid binding proteins, and it had a predicted signal peptide for secretion that was present in nematode annexins of only Heterodera spp. Constitutive expression of Hs4F01 in wild-type Arabidopsis promoted hyper-susceptibility to H. schachtii infection. Complementation of an AnnAt1 mutant by constitutive expression of Hs4F01 reverted mutant sensitivity to 75mM NaCl, suggesting a similar function of the Hs4F01 annexin-like effector in the stress response by plant cells. Yeast two-hybrid assays confirmed a specific interaction between Hs4F01 and an Arabidopsis oxidoreductase member of the 2OG-Fe(II) oxygenase family, a type of plant enzyme demonstrated to promote susceptibility to oomycete pathogens. RNA interference assays that expressed double-stranded RNA complementary to Hs4F01 in transgenic Arabidopsis specifically decreased parasitic nematode Hs4F01 transcript levels and significantly reduced nematode infection levels. The combined data suggest that nematode secretion of an Hs4F01 annexin-like effector into host root cells may mimic plant annexin function during the parasitic interaction.; A nematode effector protein similar to annexins in host plants"
000272831900013	X	Benzylphosphonic acids with various fluorine substitutions are designed and synthesized. They are used to modify ITO such that the work function can be tuned over a range of 1.2 eV while keeping the surface energy relatively constant. The experimentally measured work function changes are also compared to and agree well with those estimated from DFT calculations.; Modification of the Surface Properties of Indium Tin Oxide with Benzylphosphonic Acids: A Joint Experimental and Theoretical Study
000272895100033	X	"Using a tunneling-percolation model and Monte Carlo simulations, we study the resistivity of graphene-based nanocomposites as a function of both graphene sheet and device parameters. We observe an inverse power law dependence of resistivity on device dimensions and volume fraction near the percolation threshold, and find that high aspect ratio graphene sheets result in a much lower resistivity, particularly at low sheet densities. Furthermore, we find that graphene sheet area affects nanocomposite resistivity more strongly than sheet density does. These results impart important fundamental insights for future experimental investigations and applications of graphene-based conductive nanocomposites.; A computational study of tunneling-percolation electrical transport in graphene-based nanocomposites"
000272935000001	X	"Therapeutics based on small interfering RNA (siRNA) have a great clinical potential; however, delivery problems have limited their clinical efficacy, and new siRNA delivery vehicles are greatly needed. In this report, we demonstrate that submicron particles (800-900 nm) composed of the polyketal PK3 and chloroquine, termed as the PKCNs, can deliver tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) siRNA in vivo to Kupffer cells efficiently and inhibit gene expression in the liver at concentrations as low as 3.5 mu g/kg. The high delivery efficiency of the PKCNs arises from the unique properties of PK3, which can protect siRNA from serum nucleases, stimulate cell uptake and trigger a colloid osmotic disruption of the phagosome and release encapsulated siRNA into the cell cytoplasm. We anticipate numerous applications of the PKCNs for siRNA delivery to macrophages, given their high delivery efficiency, and the central role of macrophages in causing diseases such as hepatitis, liver cirrhosis and chronic renal disease.; Solid polymeric microparticles enhance the delivery of siRNA to macrophages in vivo"
000272946800014	X	"Scheduling jobs on multiple machines is a difficult problem when real-world constraints such as the sequence setup time, setup times for jobs and multiple criteria are used for solution goodness. It is usually sufficient to obtain a near-optimal solution quickly when an optimal solution would require days or weeks of computation. Common scheduling heuristics such as Shortest Processing Time can be used to obtain a feasible schedule quickly, but are not designed for multiple simultaneous objectives. We use a new meta-heuristic known as a scatter search (SS) to solve these types of job shop scheduling problems. The results are compared with solutions obtained by common heuristics, a tabu search, simulated annealing, and a genetic algorithm. We show that by combining the mechanism of diversification and intensification, SS produces excellent results in a very reasonable computation time. The study presents an efficient alternative for companies with a complicated scheduling and production situation.; A scatter search approach to sequence-dependent setup times job shop scheduling"
000273090800012	X	"The design of coherently strained InGaN epilayers for use in InGaN p-n junction solar cells is presented in this letter. The X-ray diffraction of the epitaxially grown device structure indicates two InGaN epilayers with indium compositions of 14.8% and 16.8%, which are confirmed by photoluminescence peaks observed at 2.72 and 2.67 eV, respectively. An open-circuit voltage of 1.73 V and a short-circuit current density of 0.91 mA/cm(2) are observed under concentrated AM 0 illumination from the fabricated solar cell. The photovoltaic response from the InGaN p-n junction is confirmed by using an ultraviolet filter. The solar cell performance is shown to be related to the crystalline defects in the device structure.; Design and Realization of Wide-Band-Gap (similar to 2.67 eV) InGaN p-n Junction Solar Cell"
000273216500018	X	The postdeposition annealing of a SiN(x) antireflection coating is commonly used to introduce hydrogen into a multicrystalline Si solar cell to passivate defects in the Si bulk. A quantitative comparison has been made of the concentrations of H that are introduced into a Si model system from SiN(x) coatings with high and low density that have been characterized by infrared spectroscopy. Experiments have also been performed in which the processing of the SiN(x)/Si interface was modified to compare how the preparation of the interface and properties of the SiN(x) film itself affect the concentration of H that is introduced into the Si bulk.; Infrared study of the concentration of H introduced into Si by the postdeposition annealing of a SiN(x) coating
000273229200119	X	A degenerate pump-probe technique is used to investigate the nonequilibrium carrier dynamics in multilayer graphene. Two distinctly different dynamics of the carrier relaxation are observed. A fast relaxation (similar to 50 fs) of the carriers after the initial effect of phase-space filling followed by a slower relaxation (similar to 4 ps) due to thermalization. Both relaxation processes are less efficient when a magnetic field is applied at low temperatures which is attributed to the suppression of the electron-electron Auger scattering due to the nonequidistant Landau-level spacing of the Dirac fermions in graphene.; Slowing hot-carrier relaxation in graphene using a magnetic field
000273246700149	X	"Decoupling capacitors (decaps) are typically used to reduce the noise in the power supply network. Because the delay of gates and interconnects is affected by the supply voltage level, decaps can be used to improve the circuit performance as well. In this paper, we present the analytical delay model under IR drop, Ldi/dt noise, and decaps to study how decaps affect both the gate and interconnect delay. Given a floorplanning solution, we study how to allocate the whitespace for decap insertion so that the delay is minimized under the given noise and area constraint. We employ the Sequential Linear Programming method to solve the non-linear whitespace allocation problem. Our experimental results show that intelligent decap allocating decap makes further delay reduction possible without adding any additional decap.; Decoupling Capacitor Planning With Analytical Delay Model on RLC Power Grid"
000273507400415	X	"The mechanisms responsible for the dielectric charging of RF MEMS capacitive switches with PECVD nitride are systematically investigated. The investigation is based on the shift of the minimum of capacitance-voltage characteristic with maximum bias in pull-down state, temperature and nitride stoichiometry. The contribution of current injection from trap assisted tunneling and Poole-Frenkel effect is investigated. The experimental results indicate that the charging arises from the formation of a defect band where charge transport occurs through a Poole-Frenkel like effect. The calculated activation energy shows direct relation to material stoichiometry hence the nitride band gap. The nitride deposited at a lower temperature is also less prone to dielectric charging.; Investigation of Charging Mechanisms in RF-MEMS Capacitive Switches with Silicon Nitride: The Effect of Material Stoichiometry"
000273575100002	X	"In this study we provide a methodology for the optimal design of water sensor placement in water distribution networks. The optimization algorithm used is based on a simulation-optimization and a single-objective function approach which incorporates multiple factors used in the design of the system. In this sense the proposed model mimics a multiobjective approach and yields the final design without explicitly specifying a preference among the multiple objectives of the problem. A reliability constraint concept is also introduced into the optimization model such that the minimum number of sensors and their optimal placement can be identified in order to satisfy a prespecified reliability criterion for the network. Progressive genetic algorithm approach is used for the solution of the model. The algorithm works on a subset of the complete set of junctions present in the system and the final solution is obtained through the evolution of subdomain sets. The proposed algorithm is applied to the two test networks to assess the selected design, The results of the proposed solution are discussed comparatively with the outcome of other solutions that were submitted to a water distribution systems analysis symposium. These comparisons indicate that the algorithm proposed here is an effective approach in solving this problem.; Optimal Design of Sensor Placement in Water Distribution Networks"
000273623600015	X	"Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in the USA. The limited availability of healthy autologous vessels for bypass grafting procedures has led to the fabrication of prosthetic vascular conduits. While synthetic polymers have been extensively studied as substitutes in vascular engineering, they fall short of meeting the biological challenges at the blood-material interface. Various tissue engineering strategies have emerged to address these flaws and increase long-term patency of vascular grafts. Vascular cell seeding of scaffolds and the design of bioactive polymers for in situ arterial regeneration have yielded promising results. This article describes the advances made in biomaterials design to generate suitable materials that not only match the mechanical properties of native vasculature, but also promote cell growth, facilitate extracellular matrix production and inhibit thrombogenicity.; Biomaterials for vascular tissue engineering"
000273810600012	X	"Responsive polymer materials can adapt to surrounding environments, regulate transport of ions and molecules, change wettability and adhesion of different species on external stimuli, or convert chemical and biochemical signals into optical, electrical, thermal and mechanical signals, and vice versa. These materials are playing an increasingly important part in a diverse range of applications, such as drug delivery, diagnostics, tissue engineering and 'smart' optical systems, as well as biosensors, microelectromechanical systems, coatings and textiles. We review recent advances and challenges in the developments towards applications of stimuli-responsive polymeric materials that are self-assembled from nanostructured building blocks. We also provide a critical outline of emerging developments.; Emerging applications of stimuli-responsive polymer materials"
000273828400052	X	"This article investigates the fabrication of polycaprolactone (PCL) composites filled with different volume fractions (10-30%) of tricalcium phosphate (TCP) by selective laser sintering (SLS) for tissue engineering scaffolds. Optimal processing parameters for each composition were developed by design of experiments (DOE). To investigate optimal structure with the ordered porosities for tissue engineering scaffold, specimens with four different geometries were generated and compressive mechanical tests were conducted. Furthermore, the experimentally measured compressive moduli for solid specimen were compared with moduli predicted by Halpin's theoretical model, and were found to be in excellent agreement. The results of this study can provide invaluable information for further developing and fabricating tissue engineering scaffolds with adequate mechanical load-bearing function and desirable porosity for applications.; Selective laser sintering of PCL/TCP composites for tissue engineering scaffolds"
000274002500024	X	"We study graphene antidot lattices-superlattices of perforations (antidots) in a graphene sheet-using a model that accounts for the phonon modulation of the pi-electron hopping integrals. We calculate the phonon spectra of selected antidot lattices using two different semiempirical methods. Based on the adopted model, we quantify the nature of charge carriers in the system by computing the quasiparticle weight due to the electron-phonon interaction for an excess electron in the conduction band. We find a very strong phonon-induced renormalization, with the effective electron masses exhibiting nonmonotonic dependence on the superlattice period for a given antidot diameter. Our study provides an indication of polaronic behavior and points to the necessity of taking into account the inelastic degrees of freedom in future studies of transport in graphene antidot lattices.; Electron-phonon coupling in graphene antidot lattices: An indication of polaronic behavior"
000274189700014	X	"InGaN alloys are widely researched in diverse optoelectronic applications. This material has also been demonstrated as a photovoltaic material. This paper presents the study to achieve optimum electrically active p-type InGaN epi-layers. Mg doped InGaN films with 20% In composition are grown on GaN templates/sapphire Substrates by MOCVD. It is found that the hole concentration of p-type InGaN depends strongly on the Mg flow rate and V/III molar ratio and hole concentration greater than 2x10(19) cm(-3) has been achieved at room temperature. The optimum activation temperature of Mg-doped InGaN layer has been found to be 550-600 degrees C, which is lower than that of Mg-doped GaN. A solar cell was realized successfully using the InGaN epi-layers presented here.; MOCVD Growth of High-Hole Concentration (> 2x10(19) cm(-3)) P-Type InGaN for Solar Cell Application"
000274354400017	X	"Compliance mismatch is a significant challenge to long-term patency in small-diameter bypass grafts because it causes intimal hyperplasia and ultimately graft occlusion. Current engineered grafts are typically stiff with high burst pressure but low compliance and low elastin expression. We postulated that engineering small arteries on elastomeric scaffolds under dynamic mechanical stimulation would result in strong and compliant arterial constructs. This study compares properties of engineered arterial constructs based on biodegradable polyester scaffolds composed of either rigid poly(lactide-co-glycolide) (PLGA) or elastomeric poly(glycerol sebacate) (PGS). Adult baboon arterial smooth muscle cells (SMCs) were cultured in vitro for 10 days in tubular, porous scaffolds. Scaffolds were significantly stronger after culture regardless of material, but the elastic modulus of PLGA constructs was an order of magnitude greater than that of porcine carotid arteries and PGS constructs. Deformation was elastic in PGS constructs and carotid arteries but plastic in PLGA constructs. Compliance of arteries and PGS constructs were equivalent at pressures tested. Altering scaffold material from PLGA to PGS significantly decreased collagen content and significantly increased insoluble elastin content in constructs without affecting soluble elastin concentration in the culture medium. PLGA constructs contained no appreciable insoluble elastin. This research demonstrates that: (I) substrate stiffness directly affects in vitro tissue development and mechanical properties; (2) rigid materials likely inhibit elastin incorporation into the extracellular matrix of engineered arterial tissues; and (3) grafts with physiologic compliance and significant elastin content can be engineered in vitro after only days of cell culture. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Physiologic compliance in engineered small-diameter arterial constructs based on an elastomeric substrate"
000274360300016	X	"Novel ITO-Si nanowire (NW) metal-insulator-semiconductor (MIS) photodetectors were fabricated by using n-type Si NWs as detection units and ITO films as top gate electrodes. Measurements on the Si NW based device reveal a significant photoresponse, including photocurrent generation with an external quantum efficiency (EQE) of similar to 35% at a peak wavelength of 600 nm at zero external bias, and with an EQE of 70% at a peak wavelength of 800 nm at -0.5 V bias. The NW device shows a flat and low reflectance and almost constant EQE up to a 60 degrees incident angle of illumination, demonstrating efficient visible-light harvesting by the Si NW antenna.; Si nanowire metal-insulator-semiconductor photodetectors as efficient light harvesters"
000274445100038	X	"The quantum Hall effect near the charge neutrality point in bilayer graphene is investigated in high magnetic fields of up to 35 T using electronic transport measurements. In the high-field regime, the eightfold degeneracy in the zero-energy Landau level is completely lifted, exhibiting new quantum Hall states corresponding to filling factors nu = 0, 1, 2, and 3. Measurements of the activation energy gaps for the nu = 2 and 3 filling factors in tilted magnetic fields exhibit no appreciable dependence on the in-plane magnetic field, suggesting that these Landau level splittings are independent of spin. In addition, measurements taken at the nu = 0 charge neutral point show that, similar to single layer graphene, the bilayer becomes insulating at high fields.; Symmetry Breaking in the Zero-Energy Landau Level in Bilayer Graphene"
000274445100048	X	"We report a study of the cyclotron resonance (CR) transitions to and from the unusual n = 0 Landau level (LL) in monolayer graphene. Unexpectedly, we find the CR transition energy exhibits large (up to 10%) and nonmonotonic shifts as a function of the LL filling factor, with the energy being largest at half filling of the n = 0 level. The magnitude of these shifts, and their magnetic field dependence, suggests that an interaction-enhanced energy gap opens in the n 0 level at high magnetic fields. Such interaction effects normally have a limited impact on the CR due to Kohn's theorem [W. Kohn, Phys. Rev. 123, 1242 (1961)], which does not apply in graphene as a consequence of the underlying linear band structure.; Interaction-Induced Shift of the Cyclotron Resonance of Graphene Using Infrared Spectroscopy"
000274516900058	X	"A single-step doping method capable of high resolution n- and p-type doping of large area graphene is presented. Thin films of hydrogen silsesquoxane on exfoliated graphene are used to demonstrate both electron and hole doping through control of the polymer cross-linking process. This dual-doping is attributed to the mismatch in bond strength of the Si-H and Si-O bonds in the film as well as out-gassing of hydrogen with increasing cross-linking. A high-resolution graphene p-n junction is demonstrated using this method.; Single step, complementary doping of graphene"
000274578700054	X	"The electronic structure at organic/organic interfaces plays a key role, among others, in defining the quantum efficiency of organics-based photovoltaic cells. Here, we perform quantum-chemical and microelectrostatic calculations oil molecular aggregates of various sizes and shapes to characterize the interfacial dipole moment at pentacene/C(60) heterojunctions. The results show that the interfacial dipole mostly originates in polarization effects Clue to the asymmetry in the Multipolar expansion of the electronic density distribution between the interacting molecules, rather than in a charge transfer from donor to acceptor. The local dipole is found to fluctuate ill Sign and Magnitude over the interface and appears as a sensitive probe of the relative arrangements of the pentacene and C(60) molecules (and of the resulting local electrical fields sensed by the molecular units).; On the Interface Dipole at the Pentacene-Fullerene Heterojunction: A Theoretical Study"
000274591000004	X	"Epitaxial graphene layers thermally grown on Si-terminated 6H-SiC (0 0 0 1) have been probed using Auger electron spectroscopy, Raman microspectroscopy, and scanning tunneling microscopy (STM). The average multilayer graphene thickness is determined by attenuation of the Si (L(23)VV) and C (KVV) Auger electron signals. Systematic changes in the Raman spectra are observed as the film thickness increases from one to three layers. The most striking observation is a large increase in the intensity of the Raman 2D-band (overtone of the D-band and also known as the G'-band) for samples with a mean thickness of more than similar to 1.5 graphene layers. Correlating this information with STM images, we show that the first graphene layer imaged by STM produces very little 2D intensity, but the second imaged layer shows a single-Lorentzian 2D peak near 2750 cm(-1), similar to spectra acquired from single-layer micromechanically cleaved graphene (CG). The 4-10 cm(-1) higher frequency shift of the G peak relative to CG can be associated with charge exchange with the underlying SiC substrate and the formation of finite size domains of graphene. The much greater (41-50 cm(-1)) blue shift observed for the 2D-band may be correlated with these domains and compressive strain. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Signatures of epitaxial graphene grown on Si-terminated 6H-SiC (0001)"
000274596700001	X	"Background: Chemoresistance is a major obstacle in cancer treatment. Targeted therapies that enhance cancer cell sensitivity to chemotherapeutic agents have the potential to increase drug efficacy while reducing toxic effects on untargeted cells. Targeted cancer therapy by RNA interference (RNAi) is a relatively new approach that can be used to reversibly silence genes in vivo by selectively targeting genes such as the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), which has been shown to increase the sensitivity of cancer cells to taxane chemotherapy. However, delivery represents the main hurdle for the broad development of RNAi therapeutics. Methods: We report here the use of core/shell hydrogel nanoparticles (nanogels) functionalized with peptides that specially target the EphA2 receptor to deliver small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) targeting EGFR. Expression of EGFR was determined by immunoblotting, and the effect of decreased EGFR expression on chemosensitization of ovarian cancer cells after siRNA delivery was investigated. Results: Treatment of EphA2 positive Hey cells with siRNA-loaded, peptide- targeted nanogels decreased EGFR expression levels and significantly increased the sensitivity of this cell line to docetaxel (P < 0.05). Nanogel treatment of SK-OV-3 cells, which are negative for EphA2 expression, failed to reduce EGFR levels and did not increase docetaxel sensitivity (P > 0.05). Conclusion: This study suggests that targeted delivery of siRNAs by nanogels may be a promising strategy to increase the efficacy of chemotherapy drugs for the treatment of ovarian cancer. In addition, EphA2 is a viable target for therapeutic delivery, and the siRNAs are effectively protected by the nanogel carrier, overcoming the poor stability and uptake that has hindered clinical advancement of therapeutic siRNAs.; Chemosensitization of cancer cells by siRNA using targeted nanogel delivery"
000274664500047	X	"We report on a first-principles study of the conductance through graphene suspended between Al contacts as a function of junction length, width, and orientation. The charge transfer at the leads and into the freestanding section gives rise to an electron-hole asymmetry in the conductance and in sufficiently long junctions induces two conductance minima at the energies of the Dirac points for suspended and clamped regions, respectively. We obtain the potential profile along a junction caused by doping and provide parameters for effective model calculations of the junction conductance with weakly interacting metallic leads.; Effects of Metallic Contacts on Electron Transport through Graphene"
000274900901090	X	Dependence of dielectric charging on film thickness and deposition conditions
000274947700002	X	"Recent experiments demonstrated a very high thermal conductivity in graphite nanosheet (GNS)/epoxy nanocomposites; however, theoretical analysis is lacking. In this letter, an effective medium model has been used to analyze the effective thermal conductivity of the GNS/polymer nanocomposites and has shown good validity. Strong influences of the aspect ratio and the orientation of the GNS are evident. As expected, interfacial thermal resistance still plays a role in determining the overall thermal transport in the GNS/polymer nanocomposites. In comparison with the interfacial thermal resistance between carbon nanotubes and polymers, the interfacial thermal resistance between GNS and polymers is about one order of magnitude lower, the reason for which is discussed.; Modeling of Thermal Conductivity of Graphite Nanosheet Composites"
000274979300007	X	"Micromachined, kHz-frequency resonators are now routinely employed as testing structures to characterize the fatigue degradation properties of thin film materials such as polycrystalline silicon (polysilicon). In addition to stress-life (S-N) fatigue curves, important properties such as crack propagation rates may be inferred from proper resonant frequency measurements throughout a fatigue test. Consequently, any nonlinear dynamic behavior that would complicate the interpretation of resonant frequency changes should be avoided. In this paper, nonlinear frequency-response curves of a polysilicon fatigue structure are measured in a vacuum environment. Finite element models of the structure are used to identify the source of geometric nonlinearity leading to a Duffing-type cubic stiffness. Given the origin of the behavior, a parametric optimization strategy is performed to minimize the cubic stiffness. This study highlights the importance of considering the dynamic behavior when designing resonating structures, especially when they are used for mechanistic studies in various environments. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; The effects of cubic stiffness on fatigue characterization resonator performance"
000274995300020	X	"Graphene has shown impressive properties for nanoelectronics applications, including a high mobility and a width-dependent bandgap. Use of graphene in nanoelectronics would most likely be in the form of graphene nanoribbons (GNRs) where the ribbon width is expected to be less than 20 nm. Many theoretical projections have been made on the impact of edge scattering on carrier transport in GNRs-most studies point to a degradation of mobility (of GNRs) as well as the on/off ratio (of GNR FETs). This letter provides the first clear experimental evidence of the onset of size effect in patterned GNRs; it is shown that, for W < 60 nm, carrier mobility in GNRs is limited by edge scattering.; Impact of Size Effect on Graphene Nanoribbon Transport"
000275027200045	X	"Electronic quality epitaxial graphene has been selectively grown on silicon carbide capped with a patterned aluminum nitride layer, providing a pathway to produce device structures that avoid lithographic patterning of graphene itself. Patterning of the cap exposes SiC where graphene will grow. Capped areas inhibit graphene growth and withstand graphitization temperatures up to 1420 degrees C under 100 Pa of argon pressure. Graphene Hall bars were fabricated and characterized by scanning Raman spectroscopy, ellipsometry, and transport measurements. Hall-mobility is about 600 cm(2)/V s and can be further enhanced by fine tuning the argon pressure and improving the quality of SiC surface prior to graphitization.; Structured epitaxial graphene growth on SiC by selective graphitization using a patterned AlN cap"
000275130900008	X	"Local or systemic stem cell delivery has the potential to promote repair of a variety of damaged or degenerated tissues. Although various stem cell sources have been investigated for bone repair, few comparative reports exist, and cellular distribution and viability postimplantation remain key issues. In this study, we quantified the ability of tissue-engineered constructs containing either human fetal or adult stem cells to enhance functional repair of nude rat critically sized femoral defects. After 12 weeks, defects treated with cell-seeded polymer scaffolds had significantly higher bone ingrowth and torsional strength compared to those receiving acellular scaffolds, although there were no significant differences between the cell sources. Next, stem cells were labeled with fluorescent quantum dots (QDs) in an attempt to noninvasively track their distribution after delivery on scaffolds. Clear fluorescence was observed at implantation sites throughout the study; however, beginning 7-10 days after surgery, signals were also observed at contralateral sites treated with acellular QD-free scaffolds. Although immunostaining for human nuclei revealed retention of some cells at the implantation site, no human cells were detected in the control limb defects. Additional histological analysis of implantation and control defect tissues revealed macrophages containing endocytosed QDs. Furthermore, QD-labeling appeared to diminish transplanted cell function resulting in reduced healing responses. In summary, augmentation of polymeric scaffolds with stem cells derived from fetal and adult tissues significantly enhanced healing of large segmental bone defects; however, QD labeling of stem cells eliminated the observed therapeutic effect and failed to conclusively track stem cell location long-term in vivo.; Human stem cell delivery for treatment of large segmental bone defects"
000275148400007	X	"Three types of first generation epitaxial graphene (EG) field effect transistors (FET) are presented and their relative merits are discussed. Graphene is epitaxially grown on both the carbon and silicon faces of hexagonal silicon carbide and patterned with electron beam lithography. The channels have a Hall bar geometry to facilitate magnetoresistance measurements. FETs patterned on the Si-face exhibit off-to-on channel resistance ratios that exceed 30. C-face FETs have lower off-to-on resistance ratios, but their mobilities (up to 5000cm(2)/Vs) are much larger than that for Si-face transistors. Initial investigations into all-graphene side-gate FET structures are promising. [GRAPHICS] Conductivity (left panel) and transport resistances rho(xx) and rho(yy) of a top gate graphene Hall bar on SiC Si-face, showing a sign reversal of the Hall coefficient at the resistance peak. (C) 2010 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim; Top- and side-gated epitaxial graphene field effect transistors"
000275331200018	X	"This paper describes an improved method of forming and removing seed layers for through-silicon-vias (TSVs) in applications such as MEMS, sensors and packaging (silicon carrier, for example). A 'mesh seed layer' is proposed to reduce the pinch-off time and facilitate simpler and mechanical-free removal, the latter being possibly important when sensitive MEMS/sensor devices are pre-fabricated on the wafer. As a result, the proposed process may serve as a post-MEMS/sensor method of forming TSVs.; A 'mesh' seed layer for improved through-silicon-via fabrication"
000275459800009	X	"We have designed and fabricated a microneedle array with electrical functionality with the final goal of electroporating skin's epidermal cells to increase their transfection by DNA vaccines. The microneedle array was made of polymethylmethacrylate (PMMA) by micromolding technology from a polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) mold, followed by metal deposition, patterning using laser ablation, and electrodeposition. This microneedle array possessed sufficient mechanical strength to penetrate human skin in vivo and was also able to electroporate both red blood cells and human prostate cancer cells as an in vitro model to demonstrate cell membrane permeabilization. A computational model to predict the effective volume for electroporation with respect to applied voltages was constructed from finite element simulation. This study demonstrates the mechanical and electrical functionalities of the first MEMS-fabricated microneedle array for electroporation, designed for DNA vaccine delivery.; An electrically active microneedle array for electroporation"
000275523100019	X	"The success of ligand docking calculations typically depends on the quality of the receptor structure. Given improvements in protein structure prediction approaches, approximate protein models now can be routinely obtained for the majority of gene products in a given proteome. Structure-based virtual screening of large combinatorial libraries of lead Candidates against theoretically modeled receptor Structures requires fast and reliable docking, techniques Capable of dealing with structural inaccuracies in protein models. Here, we present Q-Dock(LHM), a method for low-resolution refinement of binding poses provided by FINDSITE(LHM), a ligand homology modeling approach. We compare its performance to that of classical ligand docking approaches in ligand docking against a representative set of experimental (both holo and apo) as well as theoretically modeled receptor Structures. Docking benchmarks reveal that unlike all-atom docking, Q-Dock(LHM) exhibits the desired tolerance to the receptor's Structure deformation. Our results Suggest that the use of an evolution-based approach to ligand homology modeling followed by fast low-resolution refinement is capable of achieving satisfactory performance in ligand-binding pose prediction with promising applicability to proteome-scale applications. (C) 2009 Wiley Periodicals. Inc. J Comput Chem 31: 1093-1105, 2010; Q-Dock(LHM): Low-Resolution Refinement for Ligand Comparative Modeling"
000275776800001	X	"In this study, we illustrate a real-time approximate dynamic programming (RTADP) method for solving multistage capacity decision problems in a stochastic manufacturing environment, by using an exemplary three-stage manufacturing system with recycle. The system is a moderate size queuing network, which experiences stochastic variations in demand and product yield. The dynamic capacity decision problem is formulated as a Markov decision process (MDP). The proposed RTADP method starts with a set of heuristics and learns a superior quality solution by interacting with the stochastic system via simulation. The curse-of-dimensionality associated with DP methods is alleviated by the adoption of several notions including ""evolving set of relevant states,"" for which the value function table is built and updated, ""adaptive action set"" for keeping track of attractive action candidates, and ""nonparametric k nearest neighbor averager"" for value function approximation. The performance of the learned solution is evaluated against (1) an ""ideal"" Solution derived using a mixed integer programming (MIP) formulation, which assumes full knowledge of future realized values of the stochastic variables (2) a myopic heuristic solution, and (3) a sample path based rolling horizon MIP solution. The policy learned through the RTADP method turned out to be superior to polices of 2 and 3. (C) 2010 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Naval Research Logistics 57: 211-224, 2010; Strategic Capacity Decision-Making in a Stochastic Manufacturing Environment Using Real-Time Approximate Dynamic Programming"
000275777800014	X	"Denaturation of extracellular matrix proteins exposes cryptic binding sites. It is hypothesized that binding of cell adhesion receptors to these cryptic binding sites regulates cellular behaviour during tissue repair and regeneration. To test this hypothesis, we quantify the adhesion of pre-osteoblastic cells to native (Col) and partially-denatured (pdCol) collagen I using single-cell force spectroscopy. During early stages of cell attachment (<= 180 s) pre-osteoblasts (MC3T3-E1) adhered significantly stronger to pdCol compared to Col. RGD (Arg-Gly-Asp)-containing peptides suppressed this elevated cell adhesion. We show that the RGD-binding alpha(5)beta(1)- and alpha(v)-integrins mediated pre-osteoblast adhesion to pdCol, but not to Col. On pdCol pre-osteoblasts had a higher focal adhesion kinase tyrosine-phosphorylation level that correlated with enhanced spreading and motility. Moreover, pre-osteoblasts cultured on pdCol showed a pronounced matrix mineralization activity. Out data suggest that partially-denatured collagen exposes RGD-motifs that trigger binding of alpha(5)beta(1)- and alpha(v)-integrins. These integrins initiate cellular processes that stimulate osteoblast adhesion, spreading, motility and differentiation. Taken together, these quantitative insights reveal an approach for the development of alternative collagen I- based surfaces for tissue engineering applications. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; The effect of unlocking RGD-motifs in collagen I on pre-osteoblast adhesion and differentiation"
000275796700004	X	"The universal structural role of collagen fiber networks has motivated the development of collagen gels, films, coatings, injectables, and other formulations. However, reported synthetic collagen fiber fabrication schemes have either culminated in short, discontinuous fiber segments at unsuitably low production rates, or have incompletely replicated the internal fibrillar structure that dictates fiber mechanical and biological properties. We report a continuous extrusion system with an off-line phosphate buffer incubation step for the manufacture of synthetic collagen fiber. Fiber with a cross-section of 53 +/- 14 by 21 +/- 3 mu m and an ultimate tensile strength of 94 +/- 19 MPa was continuously produced at 60 m/hr from an ultrafiltered monomeric collagen solution. The effect of collagen solution concentration, flow rate, and spinneret size on fiber size was investigated. The fiber was further characterized by microdifferential scanning calorimetry, transmission electron microscopy (TEM), second harmonic generation (SHG) analysis, and in a subcutaneous murine implant model. Calorimetry demonstrated stabilization of the collagen triple helical structure, while TEM and SHG revealed a dense, axially aligned D-periodic fibril structure throughout the fiber cross-section. Implantation of glutaraldehyde crosslinked and non-crosslinked fiber in the subcutaneous tissue of mice demonstrated limited inflammatory response and biodegradation after a 6-week implant period. (C) 2009 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part B: Appl Biornater 9313: 24-38, 2010; Fibrillogenesis in Continuously Spun Synthetic Collagen Fiber"
000275926300016	X	This paper presents a review of micro-electromechanical devices for frequency references and RF spectral processing. The application of high-Q pure silicon and AlN-on-silicon bulk acoustic wave resonators in low phase-noise reference oscillators is discussed and compensation challenges are described. Low-loss piezo-acoustic filters and high-Q tunable and switchable silver passives are presented for applications in multi-mode front-end modules and spectral processors.; MEMS for Integrated Timing and Spectral Processing
000275937000019	X	"A novel type of all-natural, biocompatible, and very robust nanoscale freestanding biohybrids are reported. They are obtained by integrating a silk fibroin matrix with functional inorganic nanoplatelets using a spin-assisted layer-by-layer assembly. The organized assembly of the silk fibroin with clay (montmorillonite) nanosheets results in highly transparent nanoscale films with significantly enhanced mechanical properties, including strength, toughness, and elastic modulus, as compared to those for the pristine silk nanomaterials. Moreover, replacing clay nanoplatelets with a highly reflective Langmuir monolayer of densely packed silver nanoplates causes a similar enhancement of the mechanical properties, but in contrast to the materials above, highly reflective, mirror-like, nanoscale flexible films are created. This strategy offers a new perspective for the fabrication of robust all-natural flexible nanocomposites with exceptional mechanical properties important for biomedical applications, such as reinforced tissue engineering. On the other hand, the ability to convert silk-based nanoscale films into mirror-like biocompatible flexible films can be intriguing for prospective photonics and optical exploitation of these nanobiohybrids.; Flexible Silk-Inorganic Nanocomposites: From Transparent to Highly Reflective"
000276077200033	X	"We report on electronic properties of graphene synthesized by chemical vapor deposition (CVD) on copper then transferred to SiO(2)/Si. Wafer-scale (up to 4 in.) graphene films have been synthesized, consisting dominantly of monolayer graphene as indicated by spectroscopic Raman mapping. Low temperature transport measurements are performed on microdevices fabricated from such CVD graphene, displaying ambipolar field effect (with on/off ratio similar to 5 and carrier mobilities up to similar to 3000 cm(2)/V s) and ""half-integer"" quantum Hall effect, a hall-mark of intrinsic electronic properties of monolayer graphene. We also observe weak localization and extract information about phase coherence and scattering of carriers.; Electronic transport in chemical vapor deposited graphene synthesized on Cu: Quantum Hall effect and weak localization"
000276248900144	X	"Rotational misalignment of two stacked honeycomb lattices produces a moireacute pattern that is observable in scanning tunneling microscopy as a small modulation of the apparent surface height. This is known from experiments on highly oriented pyrolytic graphite. Here, we observe the combined effect of three-layer moireacute patterns in multilayer graphene grown on SiC(0001). Small-angle rotations between the first and third layer are shown to produce a ""double-moireacute"" pattern, resulting from the interference of moireacute patterns from the first three layers. These patterns are strongly affected by relative lattice strain between the layers. We model the moireacute patterns as a beat-period of the mismatched reciprocal lattice vectors and show how these patterns can be used to determine the relative strain between lattices, in analogy to strain measurement by optical moireacute interferometry.; Structural analysis of multilayer graphene via atomic moireacute interferometry"
000276260800035	X	"The substrate-induced charge-density profile in carbon face epitaxial graphene is determined using nondegenerate ultrafast midinfrared pump-probe spectroscopy. Distinct zero crossings in the differential transmission spectra are used to identify the Fermi levels of layers within the multilayer stack. Probing within the transmission window of the SiC substrate, we find the Fermi levels of the first four heavily doped layers to be, respectively, 360, 215, 140, and 93 meV above the Dirac point. The charge screening length is determined to be one graphene layer, in good agreement with theoretical predictions.; Spectroscopic Measurement of Interlayer Screening in Multilayer Epitaxial Graphene"
000276329500020	X	"Plant shoot organs arise from initial cells that are recruited from meristematic tissues. Previous studies have shown that members of the WUSCHEL-related HOMEOBOX (WOX) gene family function to organize various initial cell populations during plant development. The function of the WOX4 gene is previously undescribed in any plant species. Comparative analyses of WOX4 transcription and function are presented in Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana), a simple-leafed plant with collateral vasculature, and in tomato (Solanum lycopersicum), a dissected-leafed species with bicollateral venation. WOX4 is transcribed in the developing vascular bundles of root and shoot lateral organs in both Arabidopsis and tomato. RNA interference-induced down-regulation of WOX4 in Arabidopsis generated small plants whose vascular bundles accumulated undifferentiated ground tissue and exhibited severe reductions in differentiated xylem and phloem. In situ hybridization analyses of Atwox4-RNA interference plants revealed delayed and reduced expression of both the phloem developmental marker ALTERED PHLOEM1 and HOMEOBOX GENE8, a marker of the vascular procambium. Overexpression of SlWOX4 correlated with overproliferation of xylem and phloem in transgenic tomato seedlings. The cumulative data suggest that the conserved WOX4 function is to promote differentiation and/or maintenance of the vascular procambium, the initial cells of the developing vasculature.; WOX4 Promotes Procambial Development"
000276557100035	X	"We report generation of ballistic electric currents in unbiased epitaxial graphene at 300 K via quantum interference between phase-controlled cross-polarized fundamental and second harmonic 220 fs pulses. The transient currents are detected via the emitted terahertz radiation. Because of graphene's special structure symmetry, the injected current direction can be well controlled by the polarization of the pump beam in epitaxial graphene. This all optical injection of current provides not only a noncontact way of injecting directional current in graphene but also new insight into optical and transport process in epitaxial graphene.; Coherent Control of Ballistic Photocurrents in Multilayer Epitaxial Graphene Using Quantum Interference"
000276733400001	X	"Background information. FAK (focal adhesion kinase), an essential non-receptor tyrosine kinase, plays pivotal roles in migratory responses, adhesive signalling and mechanotransduction. FAK-dependent regulation of cell migration involves focal adhesion turnover dynamics as well as actin cytoskeleton polymerization and lamellipodia protrusion. Whereas roles for FAK in migratory and mechanosensing responses have been established, the contribution of FAK to the generation of adhesive forces is not well understood. Results. Using FAK-null cells expressing wild-type and mutant FAK under an inducible tetracycline promoter, we analysed the role of FAK in the generation of steady-state adhesive forces using micropatterned substrates and a hydrodynamic adhesion assay. FAK expression reduced steady-state strength by 30% compared with FAK-null cells. FAK expression reduced VCL (vinculin) localization to focal adhesions by 35% independently of changes in integrin binding and localization of talin and paxillin. RNAi (RNA interference) knock-down of VOL abrogated the FAK-dependent differences in adhesive forces. FAK-dependent changes in VOL localization and adhesive forces were confirmed in human primary fibroblasts with FAK knocked down by RNAi. The autophosphorylation Tyr-397 and kinase domain Tyr-576/Tyr-577 sites were differentially required for FAK-mediated adhesive responses. Conclusions. We demonstrate that FAK reduces steady-state adhesion strength by modulating VOL recruitment to focal adhesions. These findings provide insights into the role of FAK in mechanical interactions between a cell and the extracellular matrix.; Focal adhesion kinase-dependent regulation of adhesive forces involves vinculin recruitment to focal adhesions"
000276736200006	X	"This study investigated the cyclic and static fatigue properties of 10 mu m thick, deep reactive ion etched, monocrystalline silicon films Stress life fatigue curves and fatigue degradation rates vs stress curves were generated at both 4 and 40 kHz, at 30 degrees C, 50% relative humidity (RH) A significant frequency effect was observed, with shorter fanatic lives and faster damage accumulation rates at 4 kHz Static fatigue was also observed with shorter static lifetimes at 80 degrees C, 90% RH than at 30 degrees C, 50% RH Fracture surface evaluation did not reveal any major difference between cyclically and statically fatigued devices These experimental results confirm that the fatigue of micron-scale silicon is not purely mechanical The study also proposes a fatigue scenario based on time-dependent subcritical crack growth to account for the low-cycle fatigue regime (C) 2010 Acta Materialia Inc Published by Elsevier Ltd All rights reserved; Investigation of the low-cycle fatigue mechanism for micron-scale monocrystalline silicon films"
000276911000019	X	We have developed a novel technique to produce long and narrow graphene ribbons with smooth edges. This technique is free of any chemical treatments and involves a combination of two steps: (i) creation of surface dislocation ribbons by high velocity clusters impacting the graphite surface and (ii) electrostatic transferring of the dislocation ribbons to a desired substrate. The width of the ribbons can be controlled by varying the impact velocity of a cluster jet stream from a gas jet impactor. The electrical transport properties were investigated on the ribbons in field effect transistor (FET) configuration. The p-type behavior observed under ambient conditions was found to be reversed upon annealing at 180 degrees C in a vacuum of 10(-7) Torr. Charge transfer effects were observed when the degassed graphene was exposed to N(2)O and NH(3).; Graphene nanoribbons exfoliated from graphite surface dislocation bands by electrostatic force
000276983900010	X	"The role of gibberellins (GAs) in regulation of lateral root development is poorly understood. We show that GA-deficient (35S: PcGA2ox1) and GA-insensitive (35S:rgl1) transgenic Populus exhibited increased lateral root proliferation and elongation under in vitro and greenhouse conditions, and these effects were reversed by exogenous GA treatment. In addition, RNA interference suppression of two poplar GA 2-oxidases predominantly expressed in roots also decreased lateral root formation. GAs negatively affected lateral root formation by inhibiting lateral root primordium initiation. A whole-genome microarray analysis of root development in GA-modified transgenic plants revealed 2069 genes with significantly altered expression. The expression of 1178 genes, including genes that promote cell proliferation, growth, and cell wall loosening, corresponded to the phenotypic severity of the root traits when transgenic events with differential phenotypic expression were compared. The array data and direct hormone measurements suggested crosstalk of GA signaling with other hormone pathways, including auxin and abscisic acid. Transgenic modification of a differentially expressed gene encoding an auxin efflux carrier suggests that GA modulation of lateral root development is at least partly imparted by polar auxin transport modification. These results suggest a mechanism for GA-regulated modulation of lateral root proliferation associated with regulation of plant allometry during the stress response.; Gibberellins Regulate Lateral Root Formation in Populus through Interactions with Auxin and Other Hormones"
000277047300027	X	"We have simulated the rapid thermal firing process using a high-throughput conveyor belt furnace to study the physics of solar cell contact formation in mass production. We show that as sinter dwell time decreases, a lower Ag finger contact resistance is observed. Scanning electron micrographs reveal a correlation between glass thickness at the Ag/Si finger interface and Ag finger contact resistance. Secondary ion mass spectrometry shows that glass-frit and Ag emitter penetration are controlled by sinter dwell time. The observed trends in contact formation lead to lower series resistance, higher fill factors, and greater efficiencies with rapid firing.; Understanding and Use of IR Belt Furnace for Rapid Thermal Firing of Screen-Printed Contacts to Si Solar Cells"
000277085400020	X	"A Mechanically Stable, Low Profile, Omni-Directional Solar-Cell Integrated Antenna for Outdoor Wireless Sensor Nodes"
000277210500135	X	"We have studied, both experimentally and theoretically, the change in the so-called 2D band of the Raman-scattering spectrum of graphene (the two-phonon peak near 2700 cm(-1)) in an external magnetic field applied perpendicular to the graphene crystal plane at liquid-helium temperature. A shift to lower frequency and broadening of this band is observed as the magnetic field is increased from 0 to 33 T. At fields up to 5-10 T, the changes are quadratic in the field while they become linear at higher magnetic fields. This effect is explained by the curving of the quasiclassical trajectories of the photoexcited electrons and holes in the magnetic field, which enables us (i) to extract the electron inelastic-scattering rate and (ii) to conclude that electronic scattering accounts for about half of the measured width of the 2D peak.; Effect of a magnetic field on the two-phonon Raman scattering in graphene"
000277260200027	X	"Carbon is ubiquitous in electrochemical energy devices and may exist in varied forms ranging from crystalline or amorphous to novel nanostructures based on a few sheets of graphene. The electrochemical oxidation of carbon results in the performance degradation of the electrochemical device. A study on the structure-reactivity relationship of the electrochemical oxidation of graphene-based carbon materials (carbon black, carbon onions, multiwalled nanotubes, and exfoliated graphite platelets) is presented. High resolution transmission electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, elemental analysis, and N(2) adsorption were used to characterize the materials tested. Both liquid half-cell tests and proton exchange membrane fuel cell tests with inline carbon dioxide analysis were used to study the electrochemical behavior. The electrochemical oxidation of 10 seemingly disparate carbon materials was separated into two distinct mechanisms. Both mechanisms approach an 80% current efficiency for carbon dioxide formation. Iron and sulfur impurities are insignificant controlling factors. The difference between the two mechanisms is tentatively attributed to the degree of interlayer interaction between graphene sheets. (C) 2010 The Electrochemical Society. [DOI: 10.1149/1.3374662] All rights reserved.; The Role of Nanostructure in the Electrochemical Oxidation of Model-Carbon Materials in Acidic Environments"
000277260200089	X	"A boron diffusion process using boric acid as a low cost, nontoxic spin-on source is introduced. Using dilute solutions of boric acid, sheet resistances ranging from 20 to 200 Omega/square were achieved, along with saturation current densities as low as 85 fA/cm(2). These results indicate that boric acid is a suitable source for forming both p(+) emitters and back surface fields for high efficiency n- and p-type solar cells. The degradation of the minority carrier bulk lifetime, which is a common efficiency-limiting characteristic of low cost boron sources, was also minimized through the use of a high purity boric acid source. The ability to achieve low sheet resistances, high bulk lifetimes and low saturation current densities with boric acid were exploited to achieve a 19.7% efficient screen printed solar cell exhibiting a bulk lifetime >400 mu s. (C) 2010 The Electrochemical Society. [DOI: 10.1149/1.3392364] All rights reserved.; Boron Diffusion with Boric Acid for High Efficiency Silicon Solar Cells"
000277339900004	X	"A novel antenna configuration for quad-band operation is presented. The quad-band antenna has a directional radiation pattern in four frequency bands, i.e., B1 (800-900 MHz), B2 (1.7-2.5 GHz), B3 (3.3-3.6 GHz), and B4 (5.1-5.9 GHz), covering all spectrums for existing wireless applications, such as GSM, PCS, WCDMA, WiFi, and WiMax. The operating frequency of the quad-band antenna can be adjusted by the use of a MEMS switch, making it suitable for cognitive radio applications. First a switchable quad-band antenna element is introduced. Then a two-element antenna array is developed to increase the antenna gain for base station applications featuring a gain value of about 9-11 dBi over all four frequency bands.; Switchable Quad-Band Antennas for Cognitive Radio Base Station Applications"
000277660000160	X	"The complexity of the electric machine structure makes an optimal design a difficult and challenging task. Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and Genetic Algorithm (GA) are two popular methods for their advantages such as gradient-free and ability to find global optima. Due to the fact that the machine design models are sometimes computationally intense, it is important for the optimization algorithms used in the design practice to have high computational efficiency. This paper uses the design of a Surface Mount Permanent Magnet (SMPM) machine with an analytical model as a benchmark and compares the performance of PSO and GA in terms of their accuracy, the robustness to population size and algorithm coefficients. The results show that PSO has advantages over GA on those aspects and is preferred over GA when time is a limiting factor. Similarities in the machine design problems make the comparison result also applicable to the design of other types of machines and with other modeling methods; Comparison of Particle Swarm Optimization and Genetic Algorithm in the Design of Permanent Magnet Motors"
000277729600020	X	"Transposable element (TE) sequences make up a substantial fraction of mammalian genomes and exert a variety of regulatory influences on mammalian genes. We explore the contributions of TEs to the epigenetic mechanisms that regulate mammalian genomes, emphasizing nucleosome positioning and epigenetic histone modifications. A link between TEs and epigenetics rests on the fact that underlying genetic sequences partially mediate the nature and identity of epigenetic modifications. Here, we review the studies that have uncovered histone modifications that are targeted to mammalian TE sequences and propose a series of hypotheses regarding the potential epigenetic regulatory effects of mammalian TEs. We propose that mammalian TE sequences have specific nucleosome binding properties with regulatory implications for nearby genes, are involved in the phasing of nucleosomes, and recruit epigenetic modifications to function as enhancers; that epigenetic modifications at TE sequences affect the regulation of nearby genes; and that TEs serve as epigenetic boundary elements. It is hoped that these proposed scenarios may help to serve as a roadmap for future investigations into the epigenetic regulatory effects of mammalian TEs.; Epigenetic Regulation of Mammalian Genomes by Transposable Elements"
000277783100017	X	"Alginate calcification has been previously reported clinically and during animal implantation; however no study has investigated the mechanism, extensively characterized the mineral, or evaluated multiple methods to regulate or eliminate mineralization. In the present study, alginate calcification was first studied in vitro: calcium-crosslinked alginate beads sequestered surrounding phosphate while forming traces of hydroxyapatite. Calcification in vivo was then examined in nude mice using alginate microbeads with and without adipose stem cells (ASCs). Variables included the delivery method, site of delivery, sex of the animal, time in vivo, crosslinking solution, and method of storage prior to delivery. Calcium-crosslinked alginate microbeads mineralized when injected subcutaneously or implanted intramuscularly after 1-6 months. More extensive analysis with histology, microCT, FTIR, XRD, and EDS showed calcium phosphate deposits throughout the microbeads with surface mineralization that closely matched hydroxyapatite found in bone. Incorporating 25 mm bisphosphonate reduced alginate calcification whereas using barium chloride eliminated mineralization. Buffering the crosslinking solution with HEPES at pH 7.3 while washing and storing samples in basal media prior to implantation also eliminated calcification in vivo. This study shows that alginate processing prior to implantation can significantly influence bulk hydroxyapatite formation and presents a method to regulate alginate calcification. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Regulating in vivo calcification of alginate microbeads"
000277863100036	X	"Golub JS, Kim Y, Duvall CL, Bellamkonda RV, Gupta D, Lin AS, Weiss D, Taylor WR, Guldberg RE. Sustained VEGF delivery via PLGA nanoparticles promotes vascular growth. Am J Physiol Heart Circ Physiol 298: H1959-H1965, 2010. First published March 12, 2010; doi:10.1152/ajpheart.00199.2009.-Technologies to increase tissue vascularity are critically important to the fields of tissue engineering and cardiovascular medicine. Currently, limited technologies exist to encourage angiogenesis and arteriogenesis in a controlled manner. In the present study, we describe an injectable controlled release system consisting of VEGF encapsulated in poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) nanoparticles (NPs). The majority of VEGF was released gradually over 2-4 days from the NPs as determined by an ELISA release kinetics experiment. An in vitro aortic ring bioassay was used to verify the bioactivity of VEGF-NPs compared with empty NPs and no treatment. A mouse femoral artery ischemia model was then used to measure revascularization in VEGF-NP-treated limbs compared with limbs treated with naked VEGF and saline. 129/Sv mice were anesthetized with isoflurane, and a region of the common femoral artery and vein was ligated and excised. Mice were then injected with VEGF-NPs, naked VEGF, or saline. After 4 days, three-dimensional microcomputed tomography angiography was used to quantify vessel growth and morphology. Mice that received VEGF-NP treatment showed a significant increase in total vessel volume and vessel connectivity compared with 5 mu g VEGF, 2.5 mu g VEGF, and saline treatment (all P < 0.001). When the yield of the fabrication process was taken into account, VEGF-NPs were over an order of magnitude more potent than naked VEGF in increasing blood vessel volume. Differences between the VEGF-NP group and all other groups were even greater when only small-sized vessels under 300 mu m diameter were analyzed. In conclusion, sustained VEGF delivery via PLGA NPs shows promise for encouraging blood vessel growth in tissue engineering and cardiovascular medicine applications.; Sustained VEGF delivery via PLGA nanoparticles promotes vascular growth"
000277899500006	X	"Autologous cell-based tissue engineering using three-dimensional porous scaffolds has provided a good option for the repair of cartilage defects. Silk fibroin-based scaffolds are naturally degradable materials with excellent biocompatibility and robust mechanical properties, indicating potential applications in cartilage tissue engineering In this study, silk fibroin scaffolds prepared by freeze-drying (FD) and salt-leaching (SL300 and SL500) were fully characterized and used to study the effects of silk fibroin scaffold properties on chondrocyte attachment, proliferation and differentiation. The synergistic effects of scaffold properties and hydrodynamic environment generated by in vitro rocking culture were also investigated using static cultures as control FD scaffolds with small pore size and lower porosity increased cell attachment but inhibited cell penetration and limited cell proliferation and differentiation In contrast, SL scaffolds displaying a bigger pore size, higher porosity and crystallinity resulted in homogenous cell distribution, increasing cell proliferation and advanced chondrocyte differentiation in terms of their spherical morphology, predominant chondrogenic gene expression and abundant cartilaginous extracellular matrix production A hydrodynamic environment was beneficial to chondrocyte proliferation, differentiation, and integrin gene expression in a pore size dependent manner with superior cartilage matrix production but limited hypertrophic differentiation obtained using chondrocyte-seeded SL500 scaffolds. Integrin alpha 5 beta 1 might mediate these effects. Chondrocyte/SL500 silk fibroin constructs obtained under in vitro rocking culture might serve as an excellent Implant for in vivo cartilage defect reparation. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd All rights reserved.; The synergistic effects of 3-D porous silk fibroin matrix scaffold properties and hydrodynamic environment in cartilage tissue regeneration"
000278164800011	X	"Mesenchymal progenitors such as bone marrow stromal cells (BMSCs) are an attractive cell source for fibrocartilage tissue engineering, but the types or combinations of signals required to promote fibrochondrocyte-specific differentiation remain unclear. The present study investigated the influences of cyclic tensile loading on the chondrogenesis of BMSCs and the development of engineered fibrocartilage. Cyclic tensile displacements (10%, 1 Hz) were applied to BMSC-seeded fibrin constructs for short (24 h) or extended (1-2 weeks) periods using a custom loading system. At early stages of chondrogenesis, 24 h of cyclic tension stimulated both protein and proteoglycan synthesis, but at later stages, tension increased protein synthesis only. One week of intermittent cyclic tension significantly increased the total sulfated glycosaminoglycan and collagen contents in the constructs, but these differences were lost after 2 weeks of loading. Constraining the gels during the extended culture periods prevented contraction of the fibrin matrix, induced collagen fiber alignment, and increased sulfated glycosaminoglycan release to the media. Cyclic tension specifically stimulated collagen I mRNA expression and protein synthesis, but had no effect on collagen II, aggrecan, or osteocalcin mRNA levels. Overall, these studies suggest that the combination of chondrogenic stimuli and tensile loading promotes fibrochondrocyte-like differentiation of BMSCs and has the potential to direct fibrocartilage development in vitro.; Tensile Loading Modulates Bone Marrow Stromal Cell Differentiation and the Development of Engineered Fibrocartilage Constructs"
000278183200032	X	"Both the size and the magnetic-field dependences of low-lying spectra of two-dimensional (2D) graphene based magnetic dot and ring in perpendicular inhomogeneous magnetic fields, where the magnetic field is zero inside the dot and ring, and constant elsewhere, are studied by the massless Dirac-Weyl equation. Numerical results obtained from direct diagonalization with 2D harmonic basis show that, under nonuniform magnetic fields, the higher Landau levels (N >= 1) for such massless Dirac electron interacting system in general become nondegenerate and split into discrete angular momentum states with level crossings with the lowest one (N=0) being an exception. (C) 2010 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3435478]; Low-lying spectra of massless Dirac electron in magnetic dot and ring"
000278250100024	X	"Cardiac tissue engineering typically utilizes protein-rich scaffolding materials and growth factors to improve cardiac tissue function in vitro and in vivo. The objectives of this preliminary study were (i) to investigate the potential of porcine small intestinal submucosa gel (SIS gel) in cardiac tissue engineering and (ii) to compare the function of tissues based on either SIS gel or Matrigel, a tumor-derived benchmark material. Neonatal rat cardiac cells were combined with either SIS gel or Matrigel and cultured on porous elastomeric scaffolds composed of poly(glycerol sebacate) for 13 days. Tissue function was assessed by measuring contraction rates twice daily. Tissue morphology was compared qualitatively by hematoxylin and eosin staining. Normalized troponin T expression (troponin T:DNA) was compared using image analysis. SIS gel constructs contracted at significantly higher rates than Matrigel constructs on days 8-11. Normalized troponin T expression was significantly higher in SIS gel constructs compared with Matrigel constructs. In summary, this research demonstrated that: (i) SIS gel can be used to create contractile engineered cardiac tissue; (ii) SIS gel produced engineered cardiac tissues with a more physiological contraction rate and higher phenotypic protein expression based on the basic in vitro examinations performed in this study. (C) 2009 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Small intestinal submucosa gel as a potential scaffolding material for cardiac tissue engineering"
000278275500006	X	"Through direct absorption of microwave irradiation by GO film, we developed a rapid, dry approach to synthesize reduced graphene.; Ultrafast, dry microwave synthesis of graphene sheets"
000278416400295	X	"This paper reports the fabrication and photovoltaic (PV) demonstration of macro-length, micron-diameter hairlike solar cells. In this design of cylindrical silicon solar cell with a radical p-n architecture, the carbon fibre (CF) serves as the core electrode as well as fabrication substrate, and polysilicon (poly-Si) is used as the shell photoactive material. Uniform deposition of poly-Si on the cylindrical-shape CF substrate was achieved by low pressure chemical vapor deposition (LPCVD) with the silicon layer thickness ranging form 0.85um to 10um. A preliminary study of an 11um-diameter single-fiber solar cell demonstrates that this initial device exhibits photovoltaic effect with an open-circuit voltage (V(OC)) of 0.14, a short-circuit current density (J(SC)) of 1.7 mA/cm(2) and an efficiency of 0.04%.; HAIRLIKE CARBON-FIBER-BASED SOLAR CELL"
000278449200020	X	"We present a new approach to fabricate three-dimensional (3D) dye-sensitized solar cells (DSSCs) by integrating planar optical waveguide and nanowires (NWs). The ZnO NWs are grown normally to the quartz slide. The 3D cell is constructed by alternatively stacking a slide and a planar electrode. The slide serves as a planar waveguide for light propagation. The 3D structure effectively increases the light absorbing surface area due to internal multiple reflections without increasing electron path length to the collecting electrode, resulting in a significant improvement in energy conversion efficiency by a factor of 5.8 on average compared to the planar illumination case. Our approach demonstrates a new methodology for building large scale and high-efficient 3D solar cells that can be expanded to organic- and inorganic-based solar cells.; Planar Waveguide-Nanowire Integrated Three-Dimensional Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells"
000278483200005	X	"Graphene islands grown epitaxially on 6H-SiC(0001) were studied using scanning tunneling microscopy and spectroscopy. Under specific growth conditions, approximate to 10 nm single-layer graphene islands are observed on top of the SiC buffer layer and align with the SiC(0001)-1 x 1 lattice directions. Atomic-resolution images show that the edges of the island closely follow an armchair-edge configuration.; Edge structure of epitaxial graphene islands"
000278537900008	X	"This paper presents a unique capacitive micromechanical resonator and oscillator architecture for temperature-compensated frequency references. The I-shaped bulk acoustic resonator (IBAR) is designed to have excellent electrical tunability for temperature compensation (TC) and dynamic frequency control. High quality factor and low motional resistance are also achieved. The applicable range of frequencies is 1-30 MHz, in which quality factors exceeding 100 000 have been measured. Resonator metrics, including the electrostatic tuning coefficient, normalized dynamic stiffness, and relative dynamic compliance, are introduced. A small-signal resistance in the resonator is reported and explained. This unexpected resistance is beneficial for oscillator functionality over a large temperature range. The interface IC, inclusive of all blocks for sustaining oscillations and TC, is also presented. A two-chip 6-MHz oscillator with a temperature stability of 39 ppm over 100 degrees C is demonstrated. The interface IC consumes 1.9 mW.; Micromechanical IBARs: Tunable High-Q Resonators for Temperature-Compensated Reference Oscillators"
000278537900009	X	"Manufacturability is a major challenge before widespread adoption of micromechanical resonators as frequency references. In this paper, the limits of frequency accuracy for a silicon resonator are investigated. The factors to these limits, including starting materials and process variations, are investigated. Design for manufacturing utilizing process compensation (PC) is presented. The I-shaped bulk acoustic resonator (IBAR) is considered since it has features that enable PC. A lumped-element model for the IBAR is developed. Assuming that variations in resonator geometry are locally systematic, the effect of process bias on resonator frequency is modeled. A procedure to obtain low sensitivity to process variations is explained. Process bias variation (i.e., skew) on a 10-MHz design is replicated with electron beam lithography. PC of a micromechanical resonator, confirmed with experimental data, is demonstrated for the first time. From the observations, strategies for obtaining absolute single-digit ppm frequency accuracy are presented.; Micromechanical IBARs: Modeling and Process Compensation"
000278598400031	X	"The reduced form of graphene oxide (GO) is an attractive alternative to graphene for producing large-scale flexible conductors and for creating devices that require an electronic gap. We report on a means to tune the topographical and electrical properties of reduced GO (rGO) with nanoscopic resolution by local thermal reduction of GO with a heated atomic force microscope tip. The rGO regions are up to four orders of magnitude more conductive than pristine GO. No sign of tip wear or sample tearing was observed. Variably conductive nanoribbons with dimensions down to 12 nanometers could be produced in oxidized epitaxial graphene films in a single step that is clean, rapid, and reliable.; Nanoscale Tunable Reduction of Graphene Oxide for Graphene Electronics"
000278754000004	X	"The soybean looper, Cluysodeixis (Pseudoplusia) includens (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) is an economically important insect pest and a highly permissive host for the parasitoid Microplitis demolitor and its associated polydnavirus M. demolitor bracovirus (MdBV). Here we established a cell line from C. includens embryos designated UGA-CiE1 cells. CiE1 cells morphologically resemble granulocytes, which are a subpopulation of C includens hemocytes. Antibody and RT-PCR analyses indicated that CiE1 cells express several molecular and functional markers that identify granulocytes. We further determined that CiE1 cells are permissive to infection by MdBV, exhibiting alterations very similar to MdBV-infected granulocytes, and Autographa californica multiple nucleopolyhedrosis virus (AcMNPV). Combined with the ability to transfect CiE1 cells with high efficiency and knock down expression of viral genes by RNA interference, we conclude this cell line has several attributes of value for studying immune interactions with polydnaviruses and potentially other pathogens. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; The UGA-CiE1 cell line from Chrysodeixis includens exhibits characteristics of granulocytes and is permissive to infection by two viruses"
000278868000011	X	"This article reports on the experimental determination and finite element modeling of tensile and compressive mechanical properties of solid polycaprolactone (PCL) and of porous PCL scaffolds with one-dimensional, two-dimensional and three-dimensional orthogonal, periodic porous architectures produced by selective laser sintering (SLS). PCL scaffolds were built using optimum processing parameters, ensuring scaffolds with nearly full density (>95%) in the designed solid regions and with excellent geometric and dimensional control (within 3-8% of design). The tensile strength of bulk PCL ranged from 10.5 to 16.1 MPa, its modulus ranged from 343.9 to 364.3 MPa, and the tensile yield strength ranged from 8.2 to 10.1 MPa. These values are consistent with reported literature values for PCL processed through various manufacturing methods. Across porosity ranged from 56.87% to 83.3%, the tensile strength ranged from 4.5 to 1.1 MPa, the tensile modulus ranged from 140.5 to 35.5 MPa, and the yield strength ranged from 3.2 to 0.76 MPa. The compressive strength of bulk PCL was 38.7 MPa, the compressive modulus ranged from 297.8 to 317.1 MPa, and the compressive yield strength ranged from 10.3 to 12.5 MPa. Across porosity ranged from 51.1% to 80.9%, the compressive strength ranged from 10.0 to 0.6 MPa, the compressive modulus ranged from 14.9 to 12.1 MPa, and the compressive yield strength ranged from 4.25 to 0.42 MPa. These values, while being in the lower range of reported values for trabecular bone, are the highest reported for PCL scaffolds produced by SLS and are among the highest reported for similar PCL scaffolds produced through other layered manufacturing techniques. Finite element analysis showed good agreement between experimental and computed effective tensile and compressive moduli. Thus, the construction of bone tissue engineering scaffolds endowed with oriented porous architectures and with predictable mechanical properties through SLS is demonstrated. (C) 2010 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Mechanical and microstructural properties of polycaprolactone scaffolds with one-dimensional, two-dimensional, and three-dimensional orthogonally oriented porous architectures produced by selective laser sintering"
000278868000029	X	"A variety of combination products composed of biomaterials and biologics have been developed for tissue regeneration or vaccine delivery. The host immune response to the immunogenic biological components in such products may be modulated by the biomaterial component. Distinct biomaterials have been shown to differentially affect the maturation of dendritic cells (DCs). DCs are professional antigen-presenting cells (APCs) that bridge innate and adaptive immunity and play a central role in inducing immunity or initiating immune tolerance. However, the biomaterials systems used to study DC response thus far have been insufficient to draw a clear conclusion as to which biomaterial properties are the key to controlling DC phenotype. In this study, we developed a 96-well filter plate-based high-throughput (HTP) methodology to assess DC maturation upon biomaterial treatment. Equivalent biomaterial effects on DC phenotype were measured using the conventional flow cytometric and filter-plate method, which validated the HTP methodology. This methodology will be used to screen a large number of biomaterials simultaneously and to draw correlations between material properties and DC phenotype, thereby providing biomaterial design criteria and immunomodulatory strategies for both tissue engineering and vaccine delivery applications. (C) 2010 Acts Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Validation of a high-throughput methodology to assess the effects of biomaterials on dendritic cell phenotype"
000279168100071	X	"Electronic transport in chemical vapor deposited graphene synthesized on Cu: Quantum Hall effect and weak localization (vol 96, 122106, 2010)"
000279181400026	X	"Poly(beta-amino ester) networks are gaining attention as a scaffold material for tissue engineering applications where it is important to have tailorable degradation rate and elastic modulus. The objective of this work is to characterize and understand the relationships between chemical structure, polymerization, thermo-mechanical properties, and degradation in poly(beta-amino esters) networks. The networks were synthesized from a primary amine with systematically varied molar ratios and chemical structures of diacrylates. Fundamental trends were established between the chemical structure, conversion during polymerization, macromer molecular weight, rubbery modulus, and degradation rate. The thermo-mechanical properties were dependent upon both polymerization steps. The rubbery modulus was tailorable over a range of several MPa by changing molar ratio and diacrylate molecular weight. The degradation rate ranged from hours to months depending upon the composition. Select chemical structures showed degradation rate independent of modulus. This work provides a basis for designing poly(beta-amino esters) networks with specific thermo-mechanical properties and degradation rates for biomedical scaffolds. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; The effect of chemistry on the polymerization, thermo-mechanical properties and degradation rate of poly(beta-amino ester) networks"
000279260400010	X	"A cooling mechanism based on evaporation from thin liquid films is utilized for thermal management of hotspots combining efficient heat and mass transfer techniques. Dissipation of large heat fluxes from small form-factor areas is made possible by minimizing the thermal resistance across the evaporating liquid film. This is achieved by maintaining a very thin film (similar to 15 mu m) of coolant by capillary confinement using a nano-porous membrane (similar to 10 mu m). At the same time, evaporation is promoted by using jet impingement of dry air on the membrane. Based on these underlying ideas, a MEMS device called a 'perspiration nanopatch' is presented. The design and fabrication process of this micro-fluidic device is described along with experimental performance characterization under different operating conditions. Dissipation of heat fluxes in excess of 600 W cm(-2) is demonstrated with heat transfer coefficients approaching 0.1 MW m(-2) K(-1) for surface temperatures well below the saturation temperature of the working fluid.; On-chip thermal management of hotspots using a perspiration nanopatch"
000279496300054	X	"Select active micro/nanoporous porous silicon (PS) interfaces have been formed and treated to form the scaffolding for sensors, photocatalysis-based microreactors, and PS-based lithium ion batteries. The introduction of active nanostructures is used to form sensitive and selective sensors. The introduction of TiO(2-x)N(x) visible light absorbing nanophotocatalysts to the PS structure for the purpose of creating a microreactor, the concomitant metal ion seeding of these nanostructures to promote infrared spectral enhancement, introduce rapid room temperature phase transformation, and provide the potential for a novel active photovoltaic response are outlined. (C) 2009 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim; Active microfiltered sensor interfaces, photocatalytic reactors, and microbatteries using combined micro/nanoporous interfaces"
000279530500001	X	"New crop varieties containing traits such as enhanced nutritional profiles, increased yield, and tolerance to drought are being developed. In some cases, these new traits are dependent on small RNAs or regulatory proteins such as transcription factors (TF) that modify the expression of endogenous plant genes. To date, the food and feed safety of genetically modified (GM) crops has been assessed by the application of a set of internationally accepted procedures for evaluating the safety of GM crops. The goal of this paper is to review the main aspects of the current safety assessment paradigm and to recommend scientifically sound principles for conducting a safety assessment for GM crops that are developed by technologies that modify endogenous plant gene expression. Key considerations for such a safety assessment include the following: (1) RNA and TF are generally recognized as safe (GRAS); (2) Genes encoding RNAi and regulatory proteins such as TFs are an important component of the plant genome; (3) Crops engineered using RNAi modifications are not expected to produce heterologous proteins; (4) The modulation of TFs may result in quantitative differences in endogenous plant components, which can be assessed through agronomic performance and compositional analysis on a case-by-case basis. (C) 2010 ILSI. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Application of food and feed safety assessment principles to evaluate transgenic approaches to gene modulation in crops"
000279565900008	X	"Thiophene enriched fused-aromatic thieno[3,4-b] pyrazine systems were designed and employed to produce low band gap polymers (E(g) = 1.0-1.4 eV) when copolymerized with fluorene and cyclopentadithiophene. The copolymers are mainly investigated for organic thin film transistor and organic photovoltaic applications. Molecular packing in the thin films of these polymers was investigated using Grazing incidence X-ray Scattering. Although both fluorene and cyclopentadithiophene polymers follow similar face to face pi-pi stacking, the latter polymers show much smaller lamellar d-spacings due to side-chain interdigitation between the lamellae. This lead to the higher charge carrier mobilities in cyclopentadithiophene polymers (up to 0.044 cm2/V.s) compared to fluorene polymers (up to 8.1 x 10(-3) cm(2)/V.s). Power conversion efficiency of 1.4% was achieved using fluorene copolymer in solar cells with a fullerene derivative as an acceptor. Although the cyclopentadithiophene polymers show lower band gaps with higher absorption coefficients compared to fluorene copolymers, but the power conversion efficiencies in solar cells of these polymers are low due to their low ionization potentials.; Thiophene-rich fused-aromatic thienopyrazine acceptor for donor-acceptor low band-gap polymers for OTFT and polymer solar cell applications"
000279659900043	X	"A Russian Doll encapsulation architecture utilizing pairs of free-standing barrier films and epoxy seals separated by nitrogen spacers is presented, enabling the use of low-cost epoxy to attach two or more freestanding barrier films to a substrate with improved barrier performance. The performance of various Russian Doll encapsulations was evaluated with the calcium thin film optical transmission test, showing improved performance of the Russian doll configuration relative to a non-nested barrier/spacer architecture, and demonstrating that water vapor transmission rates (WVTR) of 0.00021 g/(m(2), day) or below can be achieved with low-cost materials in this architecture. This WVTR correlates to a predicted lifetime of more than 10 years for bulk heterojunction solar cell modules fabricated and tested by Konarka Technologies (Lowell, MA, USA). (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; High performance encapsulation structures utilizing Russian Doll architectures"
000279743400019	X	"Fracture of a monolayer graphene is governed by the competition between bond breaking and bond rotation at a crack tip. Using atomistic reaction pathway calculations, we identify a kinetically favorable fracture path that features an alternating sequence of bond rotation and bond breaking. Our results suggest that the mechanical cracking can create fracture edges with nanoscale morphologies due to the non-uniform bond deformation and rupture induced by the localized high stresses near the crack tip. Such fractured edges may provide a structural basis of tailoring the electronic properties of graphene either intrinsically or by further edge functionalization. (C) 2010 Published by Elsevier B. V.; Nanoscale fracture in graphene"
000280220100045	X	"Project portfolio management deals with the dynamic selection of research and development (R&D) projects and determination of resource allocations to these projects over a planning period. Given the uncertainties and resource limitations over the planning period, the objective is to maximize the expected total discounted return or the expectation of some other function for all projects over a long time horizon. We develop a detailed formal description of this problem and the corresponding decision process, and then model it as a multistage stochastic integer program with endogenous uncertainty. Accounting for this endogeneity, we propose an efficient solution approach for the resulting model, which involves the development of a formulation technique that is amenable to scenario decomposition. The proposed solution algorithm also includes an application of the sample average approximation method, where the sample problems are solved through Lagrangian relaxation and a new lower bounding heuristic. The performance of the overall solution procedure is demonstrated using several implementations of the proposed approach. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Optimization of R&D project portfolios under endogenous uncertainty"
000280291400063	X	"Target of rapamycin (TOR) kinases are highly conserved protein kinases that integrate signals from nutrients and growth factors to coordinate cell growth and cell cycle progression. It has been previously described that two TOR kinases control cell growth in the protozoan parasite Trypanosoma brucei, the causative agent of African trypanosomiasis. Here we studied an unusual TOR-like protein named TbTOR-like 1 containing a PDZ domain and found exclusively in kinetoplastids. TbTOR-like 1 localizes to unique cytosolic granules. After hyperosmotic stress, the localization of the protein shifts to the cell periphery, different from other organelle markers. Ablation of TbTOR-like 1 causes a progressive inhibition of cell proliferation, producing parasites accumulating in the S/G(2) phase of the cell cycle. TbTOR-like 1 knocked down cells have an increased area occupied by acidic vacuoles, known as acidocalcisomes, and are enriched in polyphosphate and pyrophosphate. These results suggest that TbTOR-like 1 might be involved in the control of acidocalcisome and polyphosphate metabolism in T. brucei.; Target of Rapamycin (TOR)-like 1 Kinase Is Involved in the Control of Polyphosphate Levels and Acidocalcisome Maintenance in Trypanosoma brucei"
000280345900067	X	"Three dimensional numerical simulations were performed to investigate a novel high efficiency back contact solar cell design with a selective emitter. The effect of several physical parameters (bulk lifetime, substrate doping, emitter fraction and surface recombination velocity in the gap between the emitter and BSF) on solar cell performance is explored using the SENTAURUS DEVICE(TM) program (formerly DESSIS(TM)). It is found that efficiencies in excess of 22 and 20.8 percent can be achieved on p and n type substrates respectively with a bulk lifetime of 300 microseconds.; 3D-MODELING OF A BACK POINT CONTACT SOLAR CELL STRUCTURE WITH A SELECTIVE EMITTER"
000280345900219	X	"Commercial silicon solar cell efficiencies have been improving consistently over the last few years with the implementation of novel techniques. Along with larger wafer area and thinner substrates, low-cost processing of high efficiency solar cells can help achieve grid parity using crystalline silicon. In this work, large area cells were fabricated using conventional diffusion, oxidation and screen printing technologies. Several rear passivation schemes were compared to achieve low rear surface recombination velocities and combined with good front passivation to obtain cell V(OC) of similar to 650 mV. Cells fabricated using these schemes resulted in an efficiency of 19.7% on 4 cm(2) cells and 18.5% on 62 cm(2) cells. Analysis and characterization of these cells reveals the possibility of achieving cell efficiencies greater than 19% on large area substrates.; Enhanced Front and Rear dielectric passivation for commercially grown Czochralski silicon for high efficiency solar cells"
000280345900445	X	"Low-cost high efficiency solar cells are the key to achieving grid parity with photovoltaic devices. This paper details the fabrication, characterization and analysis of 4 cm 2 screen printed cells with efficiency over 20% achieved using a local back surface field cell structure in conjunction with a 75 ohm/sq emitter and efficient back surface reflector. A streamlined process sequence involving a single high temperature step for simultaneous formation of emitter and rear passivation was used. The combination of LBSF and improved rear reflector resulted in a peak efficiency of 20.1% with J(SC) of 39.4 mA/cm(2) and V(OC) of 652 mV. Detailed characterization and modeling involving IQE and escape reflectance measurements revealed that the increase in V(OC) and J(SC) was the result of increased BSR from 67% to 93% and reduced BSRV from 325 cm/s to 125 cm/s. Improved rear passivation was found to be an effective method for controlling charge-induced inversion or parasitic shunting at the rear surface. Future experiments and further optimization are expected to result in efficiencies of over 20% on thin wafers using a similar cell structure.; FABRICATION OF 20 % EFFICIENT CELLS USING SPIN-ON BASED SIMULTANEOUS DIFFUSION AND DIELECTRIC ANNEAL"
000280345900495	X	"This paper reports on the characteristics of a negatively charged spin-on dielectric which has been used as the rear surface passivation layer to achieve 20% efficient screen-printed boron back surface field (B-BSF) solar cells. Solar cell schemes which utilize a heavily doped boron back surface field often face the challenges of avoiding wafer contamination during a long, high-temperature diffusion process and achieving good surface passivation of the heavily doped surface. The dielectric examined in this work addresses these challenges as it provides both impurity gettering and surface passivation in a single thermal step. Gettering studies have been performed to compare POCl(3) and dielectric gettering and to examine the relationship between gettering strength and the proximity of the gettering site to the doped layer. Passivation and charge density studies have been used to identify the passivation mechanism and to examine the stability of the dielectric passivation.; 20% Efficient Screen Printed Boron BSF Cells Using Spin-on Dielectric Passivation"
000280461200016	X	"This study describes the design and development of the novel model for the process optimization of solar cell fabrication. The model performance can affect the result of the physical experiment in the solar cell fabrication because the high accuracy model can provide the closer result to the output efficiency of the physical experiment. In this study, genetic programming (GP) based modeling technique was developed for the process simulation. GP is a global modeling technique, so it is suitable for process data modeling. This study describes the modified GP algorithm to solve the constant terminal problem. In the traditional GP, the constant term can be randomly selected within the fixed range when the structure is changed. Therefore, the variation ratio of the constant is too low to fit the model well. In this study, the novel GP is proposed. The method includes particle swarm optimization (PSO) to optimize the constant term in the terminals. PSO is a strong searching algorithm without a high computation cost. Actually, through the simulation results, the modeling performance and speed can be improved by the proposed GP. Because by the proposed modeling method, the structure and parameters of the model can be optimized simultaneously, the proposed method can be used as the new global modeling approach.; Modified Genetic Programming Combining with Particle Swarm Optimization and Performance Criterion in Solar Cell Fabrication"
000280492100020	X	"The cytokine TGF-beta acts as a tumor suppressor in normal epithelial cells and during the early stages of tumorigenesis. During malignant progression, cancer cells can switch their response to TGF-beta and use this cytokine as a potent oncogenic factor; however, the mechanistic basis for this is poorly understood. Here we demonstrate that downregulation of disabled homolog 2 (DAB2) gene expression via promoter methylation frequently occurs in human squamous cell carcinomas (SCCs) and acts as an independent predictor of metastasis and poor prognosis. Retrospective microarray analysis in an independent data set indicated that low levels of DAB2 and high levels of TGFB2 expression correlate with poor prognosis. Immunohistochemistry, reexpression, genetic knockout, and RNAi silencing studies demonstrated that downregulation of DAB2 expression modulated the TGF-beta/Smad pathway. Simultaneously, DAB2 down-regulation abrogated TGF-beta tumor suppressor function, while enabling TGF-beta tumor-promoting activities. Downregulation of DAB2 blocked TGF-beta-mediated inhibition of cell proliferation and migration and enabled TGF-beta to promote cell motility, anchorage-independent growth, and tumor growth in vivo. Our data indicate that DAB2 acts as a tumor suppressor by dictating tumor cell TGF-beta responses, identify a biomarker for SCC progression, and suggest a means to stratify patients with advanced SCC who may benefit clinically from anti-TGF-beta therapies.; Epigenetic downregulation of human disabled homolog 2 switches TGF-beta from a tumor suppressor to a tumor promoter"
000280543602050	X	"This paper presents the successful design, fabrication, and packaging of a mechanically actuated micro-electro-mechanical-systems (MEMS) microtweezer, and its use in a variety of biological environments. This complete and low cost MEMS system has minimal manufacturing complexity and it can be augmented to any standard micromanipulator or positioning system. Characterization of the system shows that precise and controlled tool actuation is achieved with maximal tip closing forces of 367 mN. The system's performance and ease of use can provide the means to create and enhance a multitude of experimental preparations previously not possible.; Packaging and Characterization of Mechanically Actuated Microtweezers for Biomedical Applications"
000280616300030	X	"Collagen and elastin networks contribute to highly specialized biomechanical responses in numerous tissues and species. Biomechanical properties such as modulus, elasticity, and strength ultimately affect tissue function and durability, as well as local cellular behavior. In the case of vascular bypass grafts, compliance at physiologic pressures is correlated with increased patency due to a reduction in anastomotic intimal hyerplasia. In this report, we combine extracellular matrix (ECM) protein analogues to yield multilamellar vascular grafts comprised of a recombinant elastin-like protein matrix reinforced with synthetic collagen microfibers. Structural analysis revealed that the fabrication scheme permits a range of fiber orientations and volume fractions, leading to tunable mechanical properties. Burst strengths of 239-2760 mm Hg, compliances of 2.8-8.4%/100 mm Hg, and suture retention strengths of 35-192 gf were observed. The design most closely approximating all target criteria displayed a burst strength of 1483 +/- 143 mm Hg, a compliance of 5.1 +/- 0.8%/100 mm Hg, and a suture retention strength of 173 +/- 4 gf. These results indicate that through incorporation of reinforcing collagen microfibers, recombinant elastomeric protein-based biomaterials can play a significant role in load bearing tissue substitutes. We believe that similar composites can be incorporated into tissue engineering schemes that seek to integrate cells within the structure, prior to or after implantation in vivo. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; The use of microfiber composites of elastin-like protein matrix reinforced with synthetic collagen in the design of vascular grafts"
000280653700038	X	Presented for the first time is the realisation of InAs/GaSb type-II superlattice photodiodes grown by metal-organic chemical vapour deposition. The photovoltaic detectors have a cutoff wavelength (50% power responsivity) of similar to 8 mu m at 78 K. The active region was grown on a p-type GaSb substrate and consists of an InAs(5.1 nm)/GaSb(2.1 nm) superlattice. The R(0)A product is typically around 0.03 Omega-cm(2) at 78 K. The responsivity is typically around 0.6 A/W and the detectivity is 1.6 x 109 at 78 K.; Metal-organic chemical vapour deposition growth of InAs/GaSb type-II superlattice photodiodes
000280692500013	X	"Non-healing fractures can result from trauma, disease, or age-related bone loss. While many treatments focus on restoring bone volume, few try to recapitulate bone organization. However, the native architecture of bone is optimized to provide its necessary mechanical properties. Hyaluronic acid (HA) hydrogel scaffold systems with tunable degradation properties were developed for the controlled delivery of osteoinductive and angiogenic growth factors, thus affecting the quantity and quality of regenerated tissue. HA hydrogels were designed to degrade at fast, intermediate, and slow rates due to hydrolysis and further provided controlled release of cationic proteins due to electrostatic interactions. Scaffolds delivering bone morphogenetic protein-2 (BMP-2) were evaluated in a rat calvarial bone critical size defect model. BMP-2 delivery from the HA hydrogels had a clear osteoinductive effect in vivo and, for all hydrogel types, BMP-2 delivery resulted in significant mineralization compared to control hydrogels. The temporal progression of this effect could be modulated by altering the degradation rate of the scaffold. All three degradation rates tested resulted in similar amounts of mineral formation at the latest (six week) time point examined. Interestingly, however, the fastest and slowest degrading scaffolds seemed to result in more organized bone than the intermediate degrading scaffold, which was designed to degrade in 6-8 weeks to match the healing time. Additionally, healing could be enhanced by co-delivery of vascular endothelial growth factor along with BMP-2. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Hyaluronic acid hydrogels with controlled degradation properties for oriented bone regeneration"
000280855000023	X	"Five new donor-acceptor copolymers containing the electron acceptor benzothiadiazole (BTZ) linked to the electron donors fluorene (FL) or cyclopentadithiophene (CPDT) via vinylene units were synthesized to study polymer structure-property relationships in organic photovoltaic devices. Both alternating (P) and random copolymers (P1-P4) were prepared via Suzuki and Stille polycondensations, respectively. The cyclopentadithiophene copolymers (P2 and P4) have smaller electrochemical band gaps (1.79 and 1.64 eV) compared to the fluorene-containing copolymers (2.08 and 1.95 eV for P1 and P3). However, the presence of CPDT raises the electrochemical HOMO energy levels (-4.83 and -4.91 eV for P2 and P4) compared to the FL copolymers (-5.06 and -5.15 eV for PI and P3) leading to small open circuit voltages (V(oc)) in solar cells. The primary solution and thin-film UV-vis absorption peaks of P3 and P4, which do not contain alkylated thiophenes appended to the BTZ unit, are at lower energy and have larger absorption coefficients than their PI and P2 counterparts. Detailed theoretical analyses of the geometric structure, electronic structure, and excited-state vertical transitions using density functional theory provide direct insight into the interplay between the structural modifications and resulting electronic and optical changes. A high molecular weight (M(n) = 25 kg/mol) polymer with a large degree of polymerization (DP(n) = 21) was easily achieved for the random copolymer PI, leading to thin films with both a larger absorption coefficient and a larger hole mobility compared to the analogous alternating polymer P (M(n) = 22 kg/mol, DP(n) = 18). An improved short circuit current and a power conversion efficiency up to 1.42% (J(sc) = 5.82 mA/cm(2), V(oc) = 0.765 V, and FF = 0.32) were achieved in bulk heterojunction solar cells based on P1.; Tuning the Optoelectronic Properties of Vinylene-Linked Donor-Acceptor Copolymers for Organic Photovoltaics"
000280920500002	X	The concept of robust optimal solution is incorporated into multi-objective optimal reactive power dispatch (MORPD) for the consideration of uncertain load perturbations during system operations. Robust MORPD searches for solutions that are immune to parameter drifts and load changes. It uses information of load-increase directions to promote the stability of optimal solutions in the presence of load perturbations. Non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm-II (NSGA-II) is adopted to search for the robust Pareto solutions on a standard IEEE 118-bus system. The simulation validated the effectiveness of NSGA-II for robust MORPD. NSGA-II obtained Pareto solutions over the trade-off surface. The experimental results also indicated that the robust Pareto solutions are comparatively less sensitive to load perturbations in their neighbourhoods and can maintain their objective values against uncertain load perturbations. Robust MORPD can provide optimal solutions with a higher degree of stability in the face of perturbations and can be more practical in reactive power optimisation of the real-time operation systems.; Non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm-II for robust multi-objective optimal reactive power dispatch
000280970500004	X	"A novel modification of simulated moving bed (SMB) technology, referred to as fractionation and feedback SMB (FF-SMB), has been introduced recently. This concept is based on fractionating one or both outlet streams and feeding the off-spec fractions back into the unit alternatingly with the original feed mixture. In this paper, the optimization problem of FF-SMB realizing one outlet fractionation is considered. A mathematical optimization framework based on a detailed process model is presented which allows to evaluate quantitatively the potential of this operating scheme. Detailed optimization studies have been carried out for a difficult separation characterized by small selectivity and low column efficiency. The results reveal that the proposed fractionation and feedback regime can be significantly superior to the classical SMB chromatography, in terms of both feed throughput and desorbent consumption. The effect of the feeding sequence on the performance of FF-SMB is also examined. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Optimization of simulated moving bed chromatography with fractionation and feedback: Part I. Fractionation of one outlet"
000281039300001	X	"Small non-coding RNAs (sRNAs) are key players in prokaryotic metabolic circuits, allowing the cell to adapt to changing environmental conditions. Regulatory interference by sRNAs in cellular metabolism is often facilitated by the Sm-like protein Hfq. A search for novel sRNAs in A. baylyi intergenic regions was performed by a biocomputational screening. One candidate, Aar, encoded between trpS and sucD showed Hfq dependency in Northern blot analysis. Aar was expressed strongly during stationary growth phase in minimal medium; in contrast, in complex medium, strongest expression was in the exponential growth phase. Whereas over-expression of Aar in trans did not affect bacterial growth, seven mRNA targets predicted by two in silico approaches were upregulated in stationary growth phase. All seven mRNAs are involved in A. baylyi amino acid metabolism. A putative binding site for Lrp, the global regulator of branched-chain amino acids in E. coli, was observed within the aar gene. Both facts imply an Aar participation in amino acid metabolism.; The small RNA Aar in Acinetobacter baylyi: a putative regulator of amino acid metabolism"
000281052700040	X	"Owing to its remarkable electrical, thermal, and mechanical properties, graphene, an atomic layer of carbon, is considered to be an excellent two-dimensional filler for polymer nanocomposites with outstanding mechanical strength along with the potential for excellent electrical and thermal properties. One of the critical limitations with conventional fillers is that the loading fraction required for achieving significant improvement in mechanical properties is relatively high, frequently reaching 50% for maximum strength. Here, we demonstrate that the mechanical properties of ultrathin laminated nanocomposites can be significantly enhanced by the incorporation of small amounts of a dense monolayer of planar graphene oxide (GO) flakes. Negatively charged functionalized graphene oxide layers were incorporated into polyelectrolyte multilayers (PEMs) fabricated in a layer-by-layer (LbL) assembly via Langmuir-Blodgett (LB) deposition. These LbL-LB graphene oxide nanocomposite films were released as robust freely standing membranes with large lateral dimensions (centimeters) and a thickness of around 50 nm. Micromechanical measurements showed enhancement of the elastic modulus by an order of magnitude, from 1.5 GPa for pure LbL membranes to about 20 GPa for only 8.0 vol % graphene oxide encapsulated LbL membranes. These tough nanocomposite PEMs can be freely suspended over large (few millimeters) apertures and sustain large mechanical deformations.; Graphene Oxide-Polyelectrolyte Nanomembranes"
000281183200019	X	"The basement membrane of small intestinal epithelium possesses complex topography at multiple scales ranging from the mesoscale to nanoscale. Specifically, intestinal crypt-villus units are comprised of hundred-micron-scale well-like invaginations and finger-like projections; intestinal cell phenotype is related to location on this crypt-villus unit. A biomimetic intestinal cell culture system composed of type I collagen based permeable cell culture membranes incorporating both micron-scale intestinal crypt-like topography and nanometer scale topography was fabricated. Membranes were pre-incubated with either laminin (Ln) or fibronectin (Fn), inoculated with intestinal epithelial Caco-2 cells and cultured for 1-21 days to study the relative significance of influence of crypt-like topography and biomimetic substrate chemistry on cell phenotype. Crypt-like topography inhibited Caco-2 differentiation during early culture, as evidenced by slower cell spreading and lower brush border enzyme activity. For example, alanine aminopeptidase activity was lower on Ln-coated patterned collagen (similar to 3.4 +/- 0.24 mU/mg) compared to flat collagen (10.84 +/- 0.55 mu/mg) at day 7. Caco-2 cultured on Fn-coated collagen started to spread earlier (1 day vs 3 days) and formed longer protrusions than on Ln-coated collagen. Pre-coating of Ln enhanced cell differentiation, as the maximum activity of a cell differentiation marker (alkaline phosphatase) was 2-3 times higher than on Fn-coated collagen, and maintained differentiated phenotype in long term (up to 21 days) culture. In general, compared to substrate topography, coating with ECM protein had more prominent and longer effect on cell behavior. Crypt-like topography affected Caco-2 spreading and differentiation during early culture, however the effect diminished as culture progressed. This information will benefit intestinal tissue engineering scaffold design, and modification of in vitro intestinal cell models. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Synergic effects of crypt-like topography and ECM proteins on intestinal cell behavior in collagen based membranes"
000281422100018	X	"In this paper, we study the low-lying energy spectra of a two-dimensional (2D) graphene-based magnetic dot in a perpendicular and radially inhomogeneous magnetic field with the use of the massless Dirac-Weyl equation. Numerical calculations are performed using 2D harmonic basis states for direct diagonalization. Effects of both the dot size and the magnetic field on the low-lying energy spectra are discussed.; Energy spectra of a single-electron magnetic dot using the massless Dirac-Weyl equation"
000281486400007	X	"We presented a detailed study of the oxidation functional groups (epoxide and hydroxyl) on graphene based on density-functional calculations. Effects of single functional groups and their various combinations on the electronic and structural properties are investigated. It is found that single functional groups can induce interesting electronic bound states in graphene. Detailed energetics analysis shows that epoxy and hydroxyl groups tend to aggregate on the graphene plane. Investigations of possible ordered structures with different compositions of epoxy and hydroxyl groups show that the hydroxyl groups could form chainlike structures stabilized by the hydrogen bonding between these groups, in close proximity of the epoxy groups. Our calculations indicate that the energy gap of graphene oxide can be tuned in a large range of 0-4.0 eV, suggesting that functionalization of graphene by oxidation will significantly alter the electronic properties of graphene.; Oxidation functional groups on graphene: Structural and electronic properties"
000281498200038	X	"Ultrahigh vacuum scanning tunneling microscopy and First-principles calculations have been carried out to study monolayer graphene nanomembranes deposited in situ onto UHV-cleaved GaAs(1 1 0) and InAs(1 1 0) surfaces. A bias-dependent semitransparency effect is observed in which the substrate atomic structure is clearly visible through the graphene monolayer. Statistical data analysis and density functional theory calculations suggest that this semitransparency phenomenon is due to the scanning tunneling microscope tip pushing the graphene membrane away from its equilibrium location and closer to the substrate surface, causing their electronic states to intermix.; Separation-Dependent Electronic Transparency of Monolayer Graphene Membranes on III-V Semiconductor Substrates"
000281544100007	X	"We review the progress towards developing epitaxial graphene as a material for carbon electronics. In particular, we discuss improvements in epitaxial graphene growth, interface control and the understanding of multilayer epitaxial graphene's (MEG's) electronic properties. Although graphene grown on both polar faces of SiC will be discussed, our discussions will focus on graphene grown on the (0 0 0 (1) over bar) C-face of SiC. The unique properties of C-face MEG have become apparent. These films behave electronically like a stack of nearly independent graphene sheets rather than a thin Bernal stacked graphite sample. The origins of multilayer graphene's electronic behaviour are its unique highly ordered stacking of non-Bernal rotated graphene planes. While these rotations do not significantly affect the inter-layer interactions, they do break the stacking symmetry of graphite. It is this broken symmetry that leads to each sheet behaving like isolated graphene planes.; Multilayer epitaxial graphene grown on the SiC (000(1)over-bar) surface; structure and electronic properties"
000281544100008	X	"Since its inception in 2001, the science and technology of epitaxial graphene on hexagonal silicon carbide has matured into a major international effort and is poised to become the first carbon electronics platform. A historical perspective is presented and the unique electronic properties of single and multilayered epitaxial graphenes on electronics grade silicon carbide are reviewed. Early results on transport and the field effect in Si-face grown graphene monolayers provided proof-of-principle demonstrations. Besides monolayer epitaxial graphene, attention is given to C-face grown multilayer graphene, which consists of electronically decoupled graphene sheets. Production, structure and electronic structure are reviewed. The electronic properties, interrogated using a wide variety of surface, electrical and optical probes, are discussed. An overview is given of recent developments of several device prototypes including resistance standards based on epitaxial graphene quantum Hall devices and new ultrahigh frequency analogue epitaxial graphene amplifiers.; Epitaxial graphene electronic structure and transport"
000281616300029	X	"Electrons in a single sheet of graphene behave quite differently from those in traditional two-dimensional electron systems. Like massless relativistic particles, they have linear dispersion and chiral eigenstates. Furthermore, two sets of electrons centred at different points in reciprocal space ('valleys') have this dispersion, giving rise to valley degeneracy. The symmetry between valleys, together with spin symmetry, leads to a fourfold quartet degeneracy of the Landau levels, observed as peaks in the density of states produced by an applied magnetic field. Recent electron transport measurements have observed the lifting of the fourfold degeneracy in very large applied magnetic fields, separating the quartet into integer(1-4) and, more recently, fractional(5,6) levels. The exact nature of the broken-symmetry states that form within the Landau levels and lift these degeneracies is unclear at present and is a topic of intense theoretical debate(7-11). Here we study the detailed features of the four quantum states that make up a degenerate graphene Landau level. We use high-resolution scanning tunnelling spectroscopy at temperatures as low as 10 mK in an applied magnetic field to study the top layer of multilayer epitaxial graphene. When the Fermi level lies inside the fourfold Landau manifold, significant electron correlation effects result in an enhanced valley splitting for even filling factors, and an enhanced electron spin splitting for odd filling factors. Most unexpectedly, we observe states with Landau level filling factors of 7/2, 9/2 and 11/2, suggestive of new many-body states in graphene.; High-resolution tunnelling spectroscopy of a graphene quartet"
000281723300007	X	"Many-body calculations of the total energy of interacting Dirac electrons in finite graphene samples exhibit joint occurrence of cusps at angular momenta corresponding to fractional fillings characteristic of formation of incompressible (gapped) correlated states (v=1/3, in particular) and opening of an insulating energy gap (that increases with the magnetic field) at the Dirac point, in correspondence with experiments. Single-particle basis functions obeying the zigzag boundary condition at the sample edge are employed in exact diagonalization of the interelectron Coulomb interaction, showing, at all sizes, mixed equal-weight bulk and edge components. The consequent depletion of the bulk electron density attenuates the fractional-quantum-Hall-effect excitation energies and the edge charge accumulation results in a gap in the many-body spectrum.; Edge and bulk components of lowest-Landau-level orbitals, correlated fractional quantum Hall effect incompressible states, and insulating behavior in finite graphene samples"
000281726700004	X	"High-density vertically aligned ZnO nanotube arrays were fabricated on FTO substrates by a simple and facile chemical etching process from electrodeposited ZnO nanorods. The nanotube formation was rationalized in terms of selective dissolution of the (001) polar face. The morphology of the nanotubes can be readily controlled by electrodeposition parameters for the nanorod precursor. By employing the 5.1 mu m-length nanotubes as the photoanode for a dye-sensitized solar cell (DSSC), a full-sun conversion efficiency of 1.18% was achieved. Furthermore, we show that the DSSC unit can serve as a robust power source to drive a humidity sensor, with a potential for self-powered devices.; ZnO nanotube-based dye-sensitized solar cell and its application in self-powered devices"
000282013700043	X	"In this paper we focus upon the role of interfacial energetics in influencing the separation of charge transfer states into dissociated charge carriers in organic donor/acceptor blend films. In particular, we undertake transient optical studies of films comprising regioregular poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT) blended with a series of perylene-3,4:9,10-tetracarboxydiimide (PDI) electron acceptors. For this film series, we observe a close correlation between the PDI electron affinity and the efficiency of charge separation. This correlation is discussed in the context of studies of charge photogeneration for other organic donor/acceptor blend films, including other polymers, blend compositions, and the widely used electron acceptor 3'-phenyl-3'H-cyclopropa[1,9](C(60)-I(h))[5,6]fullerene-3'-butanoic acid methyl ester (PCBM).; Acceptor Energy Level Control of Charge Photogeneration in Organic Donor/Acceptor Blends"
000282017400003	X	"Graphene features are produced via continuous wave (532 nm) or pulsed (532 and 355 nm) laser excitation of graphite oxide. Micro-Raman spectroscopy of these laser irradiated areas reveals D and G bands on the edges and the 2D band characteristic of graphene in the central laser irradiated zones. I(D)/I(2D) ratios vary with laser power and background gas. An I(D)/I(2D) ratio of similar to 0.17 is obtained using continuous wave excitation in a N(2) background, indicating a dominance of graphene optical signatures. The I(D)/I(G) ratio obtained for the same region indicates a particle size or interdefect distance of similar to 40 nm, This technique could be useful for laser or lithographic patterning of graphene features.; Formation of Graphene Features from Direct Laser-Induced Reduction of Graphite Oxide"
000282369200018	X	"The alpha-thalassemia/mental retardation X-linked protein (ATRX) is a chromatin-remodeling factor known to regulate DNA methylation at repetitive sequences of the human genome. We have previously demonstrated that ATRX binds to pericentric heterochromatin domains in mouse oocytes at the metaphase II stage where it is involved in mediating chromosome alignment at the meiotic spindle. However, the role of ATRX in the functional differentiation of chromatin structure during meiosis is not known. To test ATRX function in the germ line, we developed an oocyte-specific transgenic RNAi knockdown mouse model. Our results demonstrate that ATRX is required for heterochromatin formation and maintenance of chromosome stability during meiosis. During prophase I arrest, ATRX is necessary to recruit the transcriptional regulator DAXX (death domain associated protein) to pericentric heterochromatin. At the metaphase II stage, transgenic ATRX-RNAi oocytes exhibit abnormal chromosome morphology associated with reduced phosphorylation of histone 3 at serine 10 as well as chromosome segregation defects leading to aneuploidy and severely reduced fertility. Notably, a large proportion of ATRX-depleted oocytes and 1-cell stage embryos exhibit chromosome fragments and centromeric DNA-containing micronuclei. Our results provide novel evidence indicating that ATRX is required for centromere stability and the epigenetic control of heterochromatin function during meiosis and the transition to the first mitosis.; Loss of Maternal ATRX Results in Centromere Instability and Aneuploidy in the Mammalian Oocyte and Pre-Implantation Embryo"
000282467200008	X	"Insects encode multiple ILPs but only one homolog of the vertebrate IR that activates the insulin-signaling pathway. However, it remains unclear whether all insect ILPs are high affinity ligands for the IR or have similar biological functions. The yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti, encodes eight ILPs with prior studies strongly implicating ILPs from the brain in regulating metabolism and the maturation of eggs following blood feeding. Here we addressed whether two ILP family members expressed in the brain, ILP4 and ILP3, have overlapping functional and receptor binding activities. Our results indicated that ILP3 exhibits strong insulin-like activity by elevating carbohydrate and lipid storage in sugar-fed adult females, whereas ILP4 does not. In contrast, both ILPs exhibited dose-dependent gonadotropic activity in blood-fed females as measured by the stimulation of ovaries to produce ecdysteroids and the uptake of yolk by primary oocytes. Binding studies using ovary membranes indicated that ILP4 and ILP3 do not cross compete; a finding further corroborated by cross-linking and immunoblotting experiments showing that ILP3 binds the MIR while ILP4 binds an unknown 55 kDa membrane protein. In contrast, each ILP activated the insulin-signaling pathway in ovaries as measured by enhanced phosphorylation of Akt. RNAi and inhibitor studies further indicated that the gonadotropic activity of ILP4 and ILP3 requires the MIR and a functional insulin-signaling pathway. Taken together, our results indicate that two members of the Ae. aegypti ILP family exhibit partially overlapping biological activity and different binding interactions with the MIR. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.; Two insulin-like peptide family members from the mosquito Aedes aegypti exhibit differential biological and receptor binding activities"
000282543900004	X	"In this paper, we consider production planning when inputs have different and uncertain quality levels, and there are capacity constraints. This situation is typical of most remanufacturing environments, where inputs are product returns (also called cores). Production (remanufacturing) cost increases as the quality level decreases, and any unused cores may be salvaged at a value that increases with their quality level. Decision variables include, for each period and under a certain probabilistic scenario, the amount of cores to grade, the amount to remanufacture for each quality level, and the amount of inventory to carry over for future periods for ungraded cores, graded cores, and finished remanufactured products. Our model is grounded with data collected at a major original equipment manufacturer that also remanufactures. We formulate the problem as a stochastic program; although it is a large linear program, it can be solved easily using Cplex. We provide a numeric study to generate insights into the nature of the solution.; Multiperiod Remanufacturing Planning With Uncertain Quality of Inputs"
000282578000011	X	"In spite of its excellent electronic properties, the use of graphene in field-effect transistors is not practical at room temperature without modification of its intrinsically semimetallic nature to introduce a bandgap(1-4). Quantum confinement effects can create a bandgap in graphene nanoribbons, but existing nanoribbon fabrication methods are slow and often produce disordered edges that compromise electronic properties(2-4). Here, we demonstrate the self-organized growth of graphene nanoribbons on a templated silicon carbide substrate prepared using scalable photolithography and microelectronics processing. Direct nanoribbon growth avoids the need for damaging post-processing. Raman spectroscopy, high-resolution transmission electron microscopy and electrostatic force microscopy confirm that nanoribbons as narrow as 40 nm can be grown at specified positions on the substrate. Our prototype graphene devices exhibit quantum confinement at low temperatures (4 K), and an on-off ratio of 10 and carrier mobilities up to 2,700 cm(2) V(-1) s(-1) at room temperature. We demonstrate the scalability of this approach by fabricating 10,000 top-gated graphene transistors on a 0.24-cm(2) SiC chip, which is the largest density of graphene devices reported to date.; Scalable templated growth of graphene nanoribbons on SiC"
000282641900012	X	"Comment on ""Interaction-Induced Shift of the Cyclotron Resonance of Graphene Using Infrared Spectroscopy"" Reply"
000282702200011	X	"In this paper, we adapt a genetic algorithm for constrained optimization problems. We use a dynamic penalty approach along with some form of annealing, thus forcing the search to concentrate on feasible solutions as the algorithm progresses. We suggest two different general-purpose methods for guaranteeing convergence to a globally optimal (feasible) solution, neither of which makes any assumptions on the structure of the optimization problem. The former involves modifying the GA evolution operators to yield a Boltzmann-type distribution on populations. The latter incorporates a dynamic penalty along with a slow annealing of acceptance probabilities. We prove that, with probability one, both of these methods will converge to a globally optimal feasible state.; Annealing a Genetic Algorithm for Constrained Optimization"
000282727600044	X	"In order to engineer a band gap into graphene. covalent bond-forming reactions can be used to change the hybridization of the graphitic atoms from sp(2) to sp(3), thereby modifying the conjugation length of the delocalized carbon lattice, similar side-wall chemistry has been shown to introduce a band gap into metallic single-walled carbon nanotubes Here we demonstrate that the application of such covalent bond-forming chemistry modifies the periodicity of the graphene network thereby introducing a band gap (similar to 0 4 eV), which is observable in the angle-resolved photoelectron spectroscopy of aryl-functionalized graphene We further show that the chemically-induced changes can be detected by Raman spectroscopy. the in-plane vibrations of the conjugated pi-bonds exhibit characteristic Raman spectra and we find that the changes in D. G, and 2D-bands as a result of chemical functionalization of the graphene basal plane are quite distinct from that due to localized, physical defects in sp(2)-conjugated carbon; Spectroscopy of Covalently Functionalized Graphene"
000282748000010	X	"In this paper, we consider a class of two-stage stochastic optimization problems arising in the protection of vital arcs in a critical path network. A project is completed after a series of dependent tasks are all finished. We analyze a problem in which task finishing times are uncertain but can be insured a priori to mitigate potential delays. A decision maker must trade off costs incurred in insuring arcs with expected penalties associated with late project completion times, where lateness penalties are assumed to be lower semicontinuous nondecreasing functions of completion time. We provide decomposition strategies to solve this problem with respect to either convex or nonconvex penalty functions. In particular, for the nonconvex penalty case, we employ the reformulation-linearization technique to make the problem amenable to solution via Benders decomposition. We also consider a chance-constrained version of this problem, in which the probability of completing a project on time is sufficiently large. We demonstrate the computational efficacy of our approach by testing a set of size- and-complexity diversified problems, using the sample average approximation method to guide our scenario generation.; Expectation and Chance-Constrained Models and Algorithms for Insuring Critical Paths"
000282793600008	X	"Organic semiconductors have been the subject of intensive academic and commercial interest over the past two decades, and successful commercial devices incorporating them are slowly beginning to enter the market. Much of the focus has been on the development of hole transporting, or p-type, semiconductors that have seen a dramatic rise in performance over the last decade. Much less attention has been devoted to electron transporting, or so called n-type, materials, and in this paper we focus upon recent developments in several classes of n-type materials and the design guidelines used to develop them.; n-Type Organic Semiconductors in Organic Electronics"
000282868600008	X	"We assess the potentials of the approximate dynamic programming (ADP) approach for process control, especially as a method to complement the model predictive control (MPC) approach. In the artificial intelligence (AI) and operations research (OR) research communities, ADP has recently seen significant activities as an effective method for solving Markov decision processes (MDPs), which represent a type of multi-stage decision problems under uncertainty. Process control problems are similar to MDPs with the key difference being the continuous state and action spaces as opposed to discrete ones. In addition, unlike in other popular ADP application areas like robotics or games, in process control applications first and foremost concern should be on the safety and economics of the on-going operation rather than on efficient learning. We explore different options within ADP design, such as the pre-decision state vs. post-decision state value function, parametric vs. nonparametric value function approximator, batch-mode vs. continuous-mode learning, and exploration vs. robustness. We argue that ADP possesses great potentials, especially for obtaining effective control policies for stochastic constrained nonlinear or linear systems and continually improving them towards optimality. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Approximate dynamic programming approach for process control"
000282915100005	X	"Effects of CdCl(2) post-growth treatments and annealing under different conditions on the surface and interface properties of CdS/SnO(2)/glass heterostructure were studied. CdS thin films were grown on SnO(2)-coated glass substrates for CdS/CdTe heterojunction solar cells by the solution growth technique. It was found that CdCl(2) post-growth treatments and annealing enhanced the CdS-related XRD peaks, narrowed the CdS characteristic Raman bands, removed or depressed the disorder related Raman features, and improved the CdS film crystalline quality significantly, which are advantageous to the application in solar cells as a window layer material. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Effects of CdCl(2) treatment and annealing on CdS/SnO(2)/glass heterostructures for solar cells"
000282936700056	X	We demonstrated a facile strategy of producing superhydrophobic octadecylamine (ODA)-functionalized graphite oxide (GO) films. ODA was chemically grafted on GO sheets by the nucleophilic substitution reaction of amine groups with epoxy groups. The long hydrocarbon chain in ODA reduces the surface energy of the GO sheet. The fabricated ODA-functionalized GO film exhibited a high contact angle (163.2 degrees) and low hysteresis (3.1 degrees). This method is promising in terms of low-cost and large-scale superhydrophobic coatings and has potential applications for surface modification of GO paper or other GO-based composite materials.; Facile Fabrication of Superhydrophobic Octadecylamine-Functionalized Graphite Oxide Film
000282954900014	X	"We present several techniques for maximizing the contact time between low Earth orbiting satellites (LEOs) and a ground station (GS). The GS comprises an adaptive array of electronically steered space-fed lenses (SFLs). Each SFL is manufactured as a low-cost printed circuit with the result that it exhibits scanning loss. By differently orienting the boresights of the SFLs in the adaptive array, the SFL's scanning losses can be made to optimally complement the path loss of the LEO, thereby reducing the cost of the GS while maximizing the download capacity of the satellite link. The optimization, implemented with a genetic algorithm (GA), can be viewed as a kind of pattern synthesis. Such arrays will benefit Earth exploration satellite service (EESS) and telemetry applications, promising a decreased cost and increased reliability as compared with GSs consisting of a large dish antenna. We show that a network of these GSs comprising a total of fourteen small antennas can achieve an average daily data rate that is comparable with that of a single large dish antenna for the Earth Observing One (EO-1) satellite, without increasing the output power of the satellite. We also analyze the case in which the satellite transmits with a variable bit rate (VBR). Furthermore, we show that by selectively populating the focal surface of the SFL with feeds, simultaneous communications with multiple satellites can be achieved with a single GS.; Scan Loss Pattern Synthesis for Adaptive Array Ground Stations"
000283216900084	X	"We report on indium tin oxide (ITO)-free and metal-free semitransparent organic solar cells with a high-conductivity poly (3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) (PH1000) as both the bottom and the top electrodes. The PH1000 film showed a conductivity of 680 +/- 50 S/cm. A ZnO layer was used as an interlayer to produce an electron-selective electrode. The semitransparent devices with a structure of glass/PH1000/ZnO/poly(3-hexylthiophene):phenyl-C(61)-butyric acid methyl ester/PEDOT:PSS (CPP 105 D)/PH1000 exhibited an average power conversion efficiency of 1.8% estimated for 100 mW/cm(2) air mass 1.5 global illumination. This geometry alleviates the need of vacuum deposition of a top electrode. (C) 2010 American Institute of Physics. [doi: 10.1063/1.3499299]; Indium tin oxide-free and metal-free semitransparent organic solar cells"
000283276800036	X	"We report the effect of electrochemical oxidation in nitric acid on the electronic properties of epitaxial graphene (EG) grown on silicon carbide substrates; we demonstrate the availability of an additional reaction channel in EG, which is not present in graphite but which facilitates the introduction of the reaction medium into the graphene galleries during electro-oxidation. The device performance of the chemically processed graphene was studied by patterning the EG wafers with two geometrically identical macroscopic channels; the electro-oxidized channel showed a logarithmic increase of resistance with decreasing temperature, which is ascribed to the scattering of charge carriers in a two-dimensional electronic gas, rather than the presence of an energy gap at the Fermi level. Field-effect transistors were fabricated on the electro-oxidized and pristine graphene channels using single-walled carbon nanotube thin film top gate electrodes, thereby allowing the study of the effect of oxidative chemistry on the transistor performance of EG. The electro-oxidized channel showed higher values for the on off ratio and the mobility of the graphene field-effect transistor, which we ascribe to the availability of high-quality internal graphene layers after electro-oxidation of the more defective top layers. Thus, the present oxidative process provides a clear contrast with previously demonstrated covalent chemistry in which sp(3) hybridized carbon atoms are introduced into the graphitic transport layer of the lattice by carbon carbon bond formation, thereby opening an energy gap.; Electro-oxidized Epitaxial Graphene Channel Field-Effect Transistors with Single-Walled Carbon Nanotube Thin Film Gate Electrode"
000283283100008	X	"The growing interest in the identification of kinase inhibitors, promising therapeutics in the treatment of many diseases, has created a demand for the structural characterization of the entire human kinome. At the outset of the drug development process, the lead-finding stage, approaches that enrich the screening library with bioactive compounds are needed. Here, protein structure based methods can play an important role, but despite structural genomics efforts, it is unlikely that the three-dimensional structures of the entire kinome will be available soon. Therefore, at the proteome level, structure-based approaches must rely on predicted models, with a key issue being their utility in virtual ligand screening. In this study, we employ the recently developed FINDSITE/Q-Dock ligand homology modeling approach, which is well-suited for proteome-scale applications using predicted structures, to provide extensive structural and functional characterization of the human kinome. Specifically, we construct structure models for the human kinome; these are subsequently subject to virtual screening against a library of more than 2 million compounds. To rank the compounds, we employ a hierarchical approach that combines ligand- and structure-based filters. Modeling accuracy is carefully validated using available experimental data with particularly encouraging results found for the ability to identify, without prior knowledge, specific kinase inhibitors. More generally, the modeling procedure results in a large number of predicted molecular interactions between kinases and small ligands that should be of practical use in the development of novel inhibitors. The data set is freely available to the academic community via a user-friendly Web interface at http://cssb.biology.gatech.edu/kinomelhm/ as well as at the ZINC Web site (http://zinc.docking.org/applications/2010Apr/Brylinski-2010.tar.gz).; Comprehensive Structural and Functional Characterization of the Human Kinome by Protein Structure Modeling and Ligand Virtual Screening"
000283346500013	X	"This paper reports on the characteristics of a spin-on dielectric which has been used as the rear-surface passivation layer to achieve 20% efficient screen-printed (SP) boron back-surface field (B-BSF) solar cells. The dielectric provides, in a single thermal step, both stable passivation of a heavily doped p(+) surface and strong gettering of iron which is a common contaminant in high-temperature boron diffusion processes. It was found that gettering of silicon substrates, contaminated during boron diffusion, is most effective when the dielectric is deposited on top of the boron-doped layer. The effect of dielectric charge density on passivation of p(+) surfaces was also studied and a very high charge density of -10(13) cm(-2) was found to be necessary to significantly improve the passivation on surfaces with a boron concentration > 10(19) cm(-3).; 20% Efficient Screen-Printed Cells With Spin-On-Dielectric-Passivated Boron Back-Surface Field"
000283346500047	X	"Fundamental laws of physics will severely limit the ""scaling"" of silicon FETs beyond the 2020 technology roadmap. There is a need to look for an alternate switching paradigm that can overcome the limitations of the current Si FET technology. Nanoelectronic switches that work with state variables other than electron charge are being investigated by researchers. Some of these post-CMOS technologies hold the promise to extend Moore's law beyond the technology year 2020. Any new logic that aims at replacing the CMOS logic must be complemented with an interconnect technology that can transmit information encoded in the new computational variable between different physical locations of the chip. The focus of this paper is to map new logic technology with its respective interconnect technology. In this paper, comprehensive physical models of transport mechanisms that can be utilized for novel state variable transport through these novel interconnects are developed. An upper bound on speed of these interconnects is obtained, and a comparison is drawn between novel and CMOS interconnects. A comparison of delay of novel interconnects with CMOS interconnects provides important insights into the material, device, and circuit implications of these new interconnects.; Interconnects for Novel State Variables: Performance Modeling and Device and Circuit Implications"
000283375600010	X	"Transient performance analysis is essential for the successful design of a spacecraft thermal management system. This paper presents three dynamic models for analyzing system-level transient responses of a loop heat pipe (LHP)-micro-electromechanical-system (MEMS) thermal management system consisting of a LHP and a variable emittance radiator employing MEMS technologies. The recommended hybrid mathematical model, which is deduced from the fundamental 3-node and 4-node thermal networks, provides an efficient closed-form equation enabling direct calculation of the fluid mass flowrate in the LHP from the nodal temperatures of the thermal management system, and a set of state equations that independently compute the temperature responses of the cooled object, LHP evaporator, LHP condenser, and MEMS radiator. The temperature transients of a 50W LHP-MEMS thermal management system, as well as the hydraulic responses inside the employed LHP, were numerically investigated and discussed in detail.; Dynamic Modeling and Transient Performance Analysis of a LHP-MEMS Thermal Management System for Spacecraft Electronics"
000283446600012	X	"In this paper, we investigate the conditions that are necessary to produce high-quality screen-printed metal contacts to large-area cast multicrystalline Si solar cells using a high-throughput infrared conveyer belt furnace. We show that high sinter ramp rates produce a back-surface recombination velocity of similar to 400 cm/s and the most homogeneous Al back-surface field. We also show that the short sinter dwell time produces a thin Ag/Si interfacial glass layer; optimal bulk defect hydrogenation, as indicated by final bulk lifetime improvements; and low Ag specific contact resistance. The fundamental research and understanding applied here produces high fill factors, low series resistance, and high efficiency.; Understanding of High-Throughput Rapid Thermal Firing of Screen-Printed Contacts to Large-Area Cast Multicrystalline Si Solar Cells"
000283487900006	X	"The thermal conductivity of nanostructures generally decreases with decreasing size because of classical size effects. The axial thermal conductivity of polymer chain lattices, however, can exhibit the opposite trend, because of reduced chain-chain anharmonic scattering. This unique feature gives rise to an interesting one-dimensional-to-three-dimensional transition in phonon transport. We study this transition by calculating the thermal conductivity of polyethylene with molecular dynamics simulations. The results are important for designing inexpensive high thermal-conductivity polymers.; 1D-to-3D transition of phonon heat conduction in polyethylene using molecular dynamics simulations"
000283570000026	X	"The symmetry of graphene's two carbon sublattices underlies its unique electronic structure and half-integer quantum Hall effect. Quantized Hall resistance requires confinement of cyclotron orbits (Landau levels) in the sample interior. Such magnetic localization may be unique in graphene, especially for the fourfold-degenerate Landau level (LL(0)) straddling graphene's charge-neutrality energy. Here we map the two-dimensional spatial distribution of LL(0), using cryogenic scanning tunnelling spectroscopy to measure the local density of states (LDOS) on electronically decoupled multilayer epitaxial graphene. Unlike disordered LDOS patterns found in conventional quantum Hall systems, we find an organized pattern of localized states and extended states that emerge above a threshold magnetic field. In distinct regions, an energy gap associated with lattice-scale variations of the LDOS suggests the sublattice (and LL(0) valley) degeneracy is locally lifted. We propose this occurs when cyclotron orbits become small enough to sample regions of small symmetry-breaking potential originating from a graphene-on-graphene moire.; Real-space mapping of magnetically quantized graphene states"
000283614700022	X	"We report a solution-processed gas sensor based on vertically aligned ZnO nanorods (NRs) on a chemically converted graphene (CCG) film The prepared sensor device effectively detected 2 ppm of H(2)S in oxygen at room temperature A high sensitivity of the gas sensor resulted from the growth of highly dense vertical ZnO NRs on the CCG film with numerous tiny white clots on its surface, which may provide a sufficient number of sites for the nucleation and growth of the ZnO NRs. The adsorption of oxygen on the surface of the ZnO NRs was found to be crucial for obtaining an excellent gas sensing performance of the ZnO NRs-CCG sensor. (C) 2010 Elsevier B V All rights reserved; Solution-processed ZnO-chemically converted graphene gas sensor"
000283700300020	X	"Host integration and performance of engineered tissues have been severely limited by the lack of robust strategies to generate patent vascularization and tissue perfusion. This review highlights a selection of exciting developments in vascularization approaches for tissue engineering research. Current strategies for vascularization in tissue engineering are related to growth factor signaling and delivery, cell transplantation, bioactive smart matrix materials, and directed fabrication. Application of these techniques to in vivo models has resulted in a number of robust host vascular responses, especially with synergistic and engineered bioactive systems. The future outlook of the field includes refinement and development of new technologies for vascularization and combining these techniques with functional repair models for metabolically active tissues and relevant disease states.; Engineering more than a cell: vascularization strategies in tissue engineering"
000283799500016	X	"Mammalian cell cytoplasmic RNA stress granules are induced during various conditions of stress and are strongly associated with regulation of host mRNA translation. Several viruses induce stress granules during the course of infection, but the exact function of these structures during virus replication is not well understood. In this study, we showed that respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) induced host stress granules in epithelial cells during the course of infection. We also showed that stress granules are distinct from cytoplasmic viral inclusion bodies and that the RNA binding protein HuR, normally found in stress granules, also localized to viral inclusion bodies during infection. Interestingly, we demonstrated that infected cells containing stress granules also contained more RSV protein than infected cells that did not form inclusion bodies. To address the role of stress granule formation in RSV infection, we generated a stable epithelial cell line with reduced expression of the Ras-GAP SH3 domain-binding protein (G3BP) that displayed an inhibited stress granule response. Surprisingly, RSV replication was impaired in these cells compared to its replication in cells with intact G3BP expression. In contrast, knockdown of HuR by RNA interference did not affect stress granule formation or RSV replication. Finally, using RNA probes specific for RSV genomic RNA, we found that viral RNA predominantly localized to viral inclusion bodies but a small percentage also interacted with stress granules during infection. These results suggest that RSV induces a host stress granule response and preferentially replicates in host cells that have committed to a stress response.; Respiratory Syncytial Virus Induces Host RNA Stress Granules To Facilitate Viral Replication"
000283804400051	X	"A simple solution-based electrochemical cell has been constructed and successfully employed in the detection of the photoelectric response upon photoexcitation of bacteriorhodopsin (bR) without external bias. Commercially-available indium tin oxide (ITO) glasses served as the optical windows and electrodes. Small amounts of bR suspensions (similar to 100 mu L) were utilized as the photovoltaic medium to generate the proton gradient between two half-cells separated by a molecular porous membrane. Continuous broadband visible light (lambda >380 nm) and a short-pulse 532-nm laser were employed for the photoexcitation of bR. Upon the modulated cw broadband irradiation, an instantaneous rise and decay of the current was observed. Our observations of the pH-dependent photocurrent are consistent with previous reports in a bR thin film configuration, which also showed a polarity inversion at pH 5-6. This is due to the change of the priority of the proton release and proton uptake in the photocycle of bR. Studies on the ionic strength effect were also carried out at different KC1 concentrations, which resulted in the acceleration of the rise and decay of the photoelectric response. This was accompanied by a decrease in the stationary photocurrent at higher KC1 concentrations in the broadband excitation experiments. The solution-based electrochemical cell uses aqueous medium, which is required for the completion of the bR proton pumping function. Due to the generation of the stationary current, it is advantageous to convert solar energy into electricity without the need of film-based photovoltaic devices with external bias. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Bacteriorhodopsin-based photo-electrochemical cell"
000283899600017	X	"To inform future efforts in tendon/ligament tissue engineering, our laboratory has developed a well-controlled model system with the ability to alter both external tensile loading parameters and local biochemical cues to better understand marrow stromal cell differentiation in response to both stimuli concurrently. In particular, the synthetic, poly(ethylene glycol)-based hydrogel material oligo(poly(ethylene glycol) fumarate) (OPF) has been explored as a cell carrier for this system. This biomaterial can be tailored to present covalently incorporated bioactive moieties and can be loaded in our custom cyclic tensile bioreactor for up to 28 days with no loss of material integrity. Human marrow stromal cells encapsulated in these OPF hydrogels were cultured (21 days) under cyclic tensile strain (10%, 1 Hz, 3 h of strain followed by 3 h without) or at 0% strain. No difference was observed in cell number due to mechanical stimulation or across time (n = 4), with cells remaining viable (n = 4) through 21 days. Cyclic strain significantly upregulated all tendon/ligament fibroblastic genes examined (collagen I, collagen III, and tenascin-C) by day 21 (n >= 6), whereas genes for other pathways (osteogenic, chondrogenic, and adipogenic) did not increase. After 21 days, the presence of collagen I and tenascin-C was observed via immunostaining (n = 2). This study demonstrates the utility of this hydrogel/bioreactor system as a versatile, yet well-controlled, model environment to study marrow stromal cell differentiation toward the tendon/ligament phenotype under a variety of conditions.; Cyclic Tensile Culture Promotes Fibroblastic Differentiation of Marrow Stromal Cells Encapsulated in Poly(Ethylene Glycol)-Based Hydrogels"
000284153000018	X	"The performance and reliability of capacitive-type Radio Frequency Microelectromechanical Systems (RF MEMS) switches are affected by interfacial interactions such as strong attractive adhesion forces that could cause the switch to get temporarily or permanently stuck, thus rendering the device nonfunctional. Such adhesion forces could be induced and progressively increase during cycling by mechanical surface changes, such as increased real contact area or electrical effects such as increased electrostatic forces by dielectric charging. Both effects can occur simultaneously, which makes the characterization of capacitive switch behavior more complex than metal-to-metal switches. In this work, capacitive RF MEMS switches with Ti-on-silicon nitride contact surfaces were fabricated and tested for different numbers of cycles. After cycling, the Ti beam and Si(3)N(4) dielectric contact surfaces were exposed and examined topographically (using Atomic Force Microscopy), chemically (using Time-Of-Flight Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry) and nanomechanically (using nanoindentation) to measure surface changes induced by cycling. Such surface changes could explain adhesion behavior and failure of capacitive RF MEMS switches. Topographical roughness analysis showed that physical surface changes occurred early (during the first few hundred cycles). Chemical and nanomechanical analyses also showed surface property changes with cycling, in agreement with the roughness analysis. Therefore, RF MEMS switch surface changes occur with cycling and such changes are readily detectable and could adversely affect (increase) interactive adhesion forces and thus render the switch inoperable. (C) Koninklijke Brill NV, Leiden, 2010; Characterization and Adhesion of Interacting Surfaces in Capacitive RF MEMS Switches Undergoing Cycling"
000284348000376	X	"Systemic Remodeling of the Redox Regulatory Network due to RNAi Perturbations of Glutaredoxin, Thioredoxin, and Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase"
000284407400024	X	"We analyze the scattering from one-dimensional defects in intrinsic graphene. The Coulomb repulsion between electrons is found to be able to induce singularities of such scattering at zero temperature as in one-dimensional conductors. In striking contrast to electrons in one space dimension, however, repulsive interactions here can enhance transport. We present explicit calculations for the scattering from vector potentials that appear when strips of the material are under strain. There the predicted effects are exponentially large for strong scatterers.; Scaling and Interaction-Assisted Transport in Graphene with One-Dimensional Defects"
000284505100009	X	"Over the last quarter of a century there has been an emergence of a tissue engineering industry, one that has now evolved into the broader area of regenerative medicine. There have been 'ups and downs' in this industry; however, it now appears to be on a track that may be described as 'back to the future'. The latest data indicate that for 2007 the private sector activity in the world for this industry is approaching $2.5 billion, with 167 companies/business units and more than 6000 employee full time equivalents. Although small compared with the medical device and also the pharmaceutical industries, these numbers are not insignificant. Thus, there is the indication that this industry, and the related technology, may still achieve its potential and address the needs of millions of patients worldwide, in particular those with needs that currently are unmet.; Regenerative medicine: the emergence of an industry"
000284520100021	X	"The thermal behavior of graphite oxide (GO) is essential to study and design GO reduction and functionalizion reaction. We provide a detailed description of the thermal reduction of GO dispersed in solvent (H(2)O and dimethylformamide (DMF)) at temperatures of 100 and 150 degrees C, respectively. The thermal stability and structure change of GO during the thermal treatment were characterized using UV-vis spectroscopy, Raman spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction (XRD), Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), and thermogravimetric analysis (TGA). It was found that at temperatures of 100 and 150 degrees C the carboxylic and carbonyl groups decomposed. GO dispersed in H(2)O and DMF at temperatures of 100 and 150 degrees C exhibited increased rates of reduction than in dry condition. Moreover, the reduction rate was found to be highly dependent on the solvent used. At 150 degrees C, DMF accelerates the GO reduction rate significantly, while dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) has less acceleration effect. However, ethylene glycol (EG) reduces the reduction rate compared to dry conditions. The solvent-GO interaction, including polar-polar interaction and hydrogen bonding, was discussed as one possible reason for the solvent-dependent reduction.; Solvent-Assisted Thermal Reduction of Graphite Oxide"
000284738900052	X	"We report on the photovoltaic properties of inverted polymer solar cells where the transparent electron-collecting electrode is formed by a ZnO-modified indium tin oxide (ITO) electrode. The ZnO layers were deposited by atomic layer deposition (ALD) with varying thicknesses from 0.1 to 100 nm. The work function, surface roughness, and morphology of ITO/ZnO were found to be independent of the ZnO thickness. However, the device performance was found to be strongly dependent on a critical ZnO thickness, around 10 nm. Below the critical thickness the device performance was degraded because of the appearance of a ""kink"" in the current voltage characteristics. The kink features became less pronounced after ultraviolet (UV) exposure. This was attributed to oxygen desorption, leading to an increased conductivity of the ZnO layer. At and above this critical thickness, the device performance significantly improved and no longer depended strongly on the thickness of the ZnO layer, in agreement with optical simulations. Instead, these optical simulations showed that the thickness of the active layer plays a more important role than the thickness of the ZnO layer in optimizing the photovoltaic properties of inverted solar cells. Inverted polymer solar cells with an increased thickness of the active layer showed a power conversion efficiency (PCE) of 3.06% estimated for AM1.5G, a 100 mW cm(-2) illumination.; Electrical and Optical Properties of ZnO Processed by Atomic Layer Deposition in Inverted Polymer Solar Cells"
000284875400001	X	"This paper details the microfabrication and characterization of electrodeposited coils with high packing density. The process consists of electroplating a first sequence of metal microstructures, followed by conformal insulation of these conductors by a thin vapor-deposited layer of parylene, and subsequent electrodeposited metal filling between the first-layer conductors. Using this approach, the packing density limitation due to photoresist aspect ratio is overcome. The microcoils, which are fabricated onto a dummy substrate, are released and embedded into a parylene layer to reduce parasitic substrate losses at high frequencies, as well as to facilitate the device integration. Comblike test structures were designed and fabricated in order to validate the approach and to explore the electrical properties of such microconductors. Furthermore, ultradense parylene-insulated spiral windings were fabricated and electrically characterized. A large number of turns per volume can be fabricated because of this fabrication approach, which is a requirement for highly efficient small-scale magnetic actuators. Finally, an array of substrateless parylene-coated 2-D coils were built, then folded on top of each other, and electrically connected to form 3-D coil devices. A 14.6-mm-diameter 96-turn three-layer copper winding was fabricated and characterized. The packing density of the 3-D fabricated coil was 81%.; Parylene-Insulated Ultradense Microfabricated Coils"
000284960500012	X	"Most animals use proteins, peptides, steroids, eicosanoids, or amino acid derivatives as chemical signals, along with receptors, secondary messengers, transduction systems, and transcription factors to finely control reproduction. Many protostomes have complex endocrine systems with vertebrate-like sex steroid receptors, but some are unresponsive to vertebrate sex steroids. Others are responsive to estrogen and testosterone, but the effects are mediated through non-estrogen receptor pathways. In this article, I review the pheromones that rotifers use to synchronize reproduction and rotifer response to waterborne vertebrate steroid hormones. I also describe the impact on rotifer reproduction of endocrine disruptors that mimic androgens and their antagonists. A fraction of the brachionid transcriptome is surveyed for candidates involved in endocrine signaling systems and genes are identified that are putatively involved in steroidogenesis and oocyte maturation. We use the new technique of RNAi in rotifers to selectively knock down gene expression and identify the functional roles of genes involved in the regulation of reproduction.; A review of the molecular mechanisms of monogonont rotifer reproduction"
000284967000065	X	"We develop a hybrid computational method to examine the permeation and hindered diffusion through mechanically loaded (anisotropic) polymer networks. We use the bond-bending lattice spring model to capture the micromechanics of random networks of interconnected filaments coupled with the dissipative particle dynamics to explicitly model the viscous fluid and diffusive objects. Our simulations reveal that the transport properties are independent of the network internal organization and are solely function of the network porosity and degree of anisotropy due to a mechanical deformation. Furthermore, our results indicate that the network permeability under load can be estimated based on the network alignment that is characterized by a second order orientation tensor. Our findings have implications for designing drug delivery agents, paper manufacturing, tissue engineering, and understanding the function of biological systems.; Permeability and Diffusion through Mechanically Deformed Random Polymer Networks"
000285006500053	X	"In a recent article, Disseldorp et al. [Rev. Sci. Instrum. 81, 043702 (2010)] present a micromachined z-scanner for scanning probe microscopy (SPM). The scanner comprises a micromachined electrostatically actuated membrane anchored to its substrate with crab-leg flexures. This structure is used as a fast actuator specifically for atomic force microscope and scanning tunneling microscope. The authors present topographic images acquired using the scanner in this paper and elsewhere [F. C. Tabak et al., Ultramicroscopy 110, 599 (2010)]. Although the work is clearly described, it does not appear to be placed in proper context. For example, the authors claim that previous work on microelectromechanical systems SPM has not been focused on high-speed imaging with feedback, which is not supported by the existing literature. In addition, similar actuator structures, albeit slightly larger scale, have been designed and used for SPM applications. Here, we would like comment briefly on the existing literature to clarify the significance of the work. (C) 2010 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3499232]; Comment on ""MEMS-based high speed scanning probe microscopy"" [Rev. Sci. Instrum. 81, 043702, (2010)]"
000285041400028	X	"Macrophages (W Phi)) and dendritic cells (DCs) are critical antigen presenting cells that play pivotal roles in host responses to biomaterial implants. Although M Phi s have been widely studied for their roles in the inflammatory responses against biomaterials, the roles that DCs play in the host responses toward implanted materials have only recently been explored. DCs are of significant research interest because of the emergence of a large number of combination products that cross-traditional medical device boundaries. These products combine biomaterials with biologics, including cells, nucleic acids, and/or proteins. The biomaterial component may evoke an inflammatory response, primarily mediated by neutrophils and M Phi s, whereas the biologic component may elicit an immunogenic immune response, initiated by DCs involving lymphocyte activation. Control of M Phi phenotypic balance from proinflammatory M1 to reparative M2 is a goal of investigators to optimize the host response to biomaterials. Similarly, control of DC phenotype from proinflammatory to toleragenic is of interest in vaccine delivery and tissue engineering/transplantation situations, respectively. This review discusses the interconnection between innate and adaptive immunity, the comparative and contrasting phenotypes and roles of M Phi s and DCs in immunity, their responses to biomaterials and the strategies to modulate their phenotype for applications in tissue engineering and vaccine delivery. Furthermore, the collaboration between and unique roles of DCs and M Phi s needs to be addressed in future studies to gain a more complete picture of host responses toward combination products. (C) 2010 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part A: 96A: 239-260, 2011.; Macrophage and dendritic cell phenotypic diversity in the context of biomaterials"
000285217600007	X	"Biomaterials are increasingly being used to engineer the biochemical and biophysical properties of the extracellular stem cell microenvironment in order to tailor niche characteristics and direct cell phenotype. To date, stem cell-biomaterial interactions have largely been studied by introducing stem cells into artificial environments, such as 2D cell culture on biomaterial surfaces, encapsulation of cell suspensions within hydrogel materials, or cell seeding on 3D polymeric scaffolds. In this study, microparticles fabricated from different materials, such as agarose, PLGA and gelatin, were stably integrated, in a dose-dependent manner, within aggregates of pluripotent stem cells (PSCs) prior to differentiation as a means to directly examine stem cell-biomaterial interactions in 3D. Interestingly, the presence of the materials within the stem cell aggregates differentially modulated the gene and protein expression patterns of several differentiation markers without adversely affecting cell viability. Microparticle incorporation within 3D stem cell aggregates can control the spatial presentation of extracellular environmental cues (i.e. soluble factors, extracellular matrix and intercellular adhesion molecules) as a means to direct the differentiation of stem cells for tissue engineering and regenerative medicine applications. In addition, these results suggest that the physical presence of microparticles within stem cell aggregates does not compromise PSC differentiation, but in fact the choice of biomaterials can impact the propensity of stem cells to adopt particular differentiated cell phenotypes. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Incorporation of biomaterials in multicellular aggregates modulates pluripotent stem cell differentiation"
000285217600009	X	"The treatment of challenging fractures and large osseous defects presents a formidable problem for orthopaedic surgeons. Tissue engineering/regenerative medicine approaches seek to solve this problem by delivering osteogenic signals within scaffolding biomaterials. In this study, we introduce a hybrid growth factor delivery system that consists of an electrospun nanofiber mesh tube for guiding bone regeneration combined with peptide-modified alginate hydrogel injected inside the tube for sustained growth factor release. We tested the ability of this system to deliver recombinant bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) for the repair of critically-sized segmental bone defects in a rat model. Longitudinal mu-CT analysis and torsional testing provided quantitative assessment of bone regeneration. Our results indicate that the hybrid delivery system resulted in consistent bony bridging of the challenging bone defects. However, in the absence of rhBMP-2, the use of nanofiber mesh tube and alginate did not result in substantial bone formation. Perforations in the nanofiber mesh accelerated the rhBMP-2 mediated bone repair, and resulted in functional restoration of the regenerated bone. mu-CT based angiography indicated that perforations did not significantly affect the revascularization of defects, suggesting that some other interaction with the tissue surrounding the defect such as improved infiltration of osteoprogenitor cells contributed to the observed differences in repair. Overall, our results indicate that the hybrid alginate/nanofiber mesh system is a promising growth factor delivery strategy for the repair of challenging bone injuries. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; An alginate-based hybrid system for growth factor delivery in the functional repair of large bone defects"
000285263500013	X	Focus Issue: Thin-Film Photovoltaic Materials and Devices Introduction
000285286200041	X	"This study suggests a novel quantum immune algorithm for finding Pareto-optimal solutions to multiobjective optimization problems based on quantum computing and immune system. In the proposed algorithm, there are distinct characteristics as follows. First, the encoding method is based on Q-bit representation, and thus a chaos-based approach is suggested to initialize the population. Second, a new chaos-based rotation gate and Q-gates are presented to perform mutation and improve the quality of the population, respectively. Finally, especially, a new truncation algorithm with similar individuals (TASI) is utilized to preserve the diversity of the population. Also, a new selection operator is proposed to create the new population based on TASI. Simulation results on six standard problems (ZDT6, CP, SP, VNT, OSY and KIT) show the proposed algorithm is able to find a much better spread of solutions and has better convergence near the true Pareto-optimal front compared to the vector immune algorithm (VIS) and the elitist non-dominated sorting genetic system (NSGA-II). (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.; A hybrid quantum-inspired immune algorithm for multiobjective optimization"
000285364100003	X	"Choosing a project manager for a construction project-particularly, large projects-is a critical project decision. The selection process involves different criteria and should be in accordance with company policies and project specifications. Traditionally, potential candidates are interviewed and the most qualified are selected in compliance with company priorities and project conditions. Precise computing models that could take various candidates' information into consideration and then pinpoint the most qualified person with a high degree of accuracy would be beneficial. On the basis of the opinions of experienced construction company managers, this paper, through presenting a fuzzy system, identifies the important criteria in selecting a project manager. The proposed fuzzy system is based on IF-THEN rules; a genetic algorithm improves the overall accuracy as well as the functions used by the fuzzy system to make initial estimates of the cluster centers for fuzzy c-means clustering. Moreover, a back-propagation neutral network method was used to train the system. The optimal measures of the inference parameters were identified by calculating the system's output error and propagating this error within the system. After specifying the system parameters, the membership function parameters-which by means of clustering and projection were approximated-were tuned with the genetic algorithm. Results from this system in selecting project managers show its high capability in making high-quality personnel predictions.; Neurofuzzy Genetic System for Selection of Construction Project Managers"
000285428700006	X	"Poly(beta-amino ester) networks have shown promise as tissue scaffolds. The objective of this work was to examine the effect of changing poly(ethylene glycol) diacrylate concentration on poly(beta-amino ester) network properties and to assess the degradable polymers' in vivo response, using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and immunohistochemistry. The networks were synthesized from hexanediol diacrylate (HDDA), poly(ethylene glycol) diacrylate (PEGDA), and a primary amine, 3-methoxypropylamine (3-MOPA), with a fixed overall molar ratio of diacrylate to amine. Network properties were verified to insure that the networks possessed equivalent initial properties and structure other than chemistry. The effect of varying PEGDA concentration on water content, mass loss, and modulus was determined, where increasing the concentration of PEGDA increases both water content, mass loss rate, and decreases modulus. We also show that manipulating the network composition at ratios of 0: 100, 10: 90 and 25: 75 (PEGDA: HDDA) does not elicit a major inflammatory response to subcutaneous implantation of the networks in mice. This work provides a foundation for tailoring poly(b-amino ester) networks, based on degradation rate and modulus, as a means to tune the polymer properties for various biomedical applications. (C) 2010 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part A: 96A: 320-329, 2011.; Effect of poly(ethylene glycol) diacrylate concentration on network properties and in vivo response of poly(beta-amino ester) networks"
000285492800007	X	"In this paper we discuss statistical properties and convergence of the Stochastic Dual Dynamic Programming (SDDP) method applied to multistage linear stochastic programming problems. We assume that the underline data process is stagewise independent and consider the framework where at first a random sample from the original (true) distribution is generated and consequently the SDDP algorithm is applied to the constructed Sample Average Approximation (SAA) problem. Then we proceed to analysis of the SDDP solutions of the SAA problem and their relations to solutions of the ""true"" problem. Finally we discuss an extension of the SDDP method to a risk averse formulation of multistage stochastic programs. We argue that the computational complexity of the corresponding SDDP algorithm is almost the same as in the risk neutral case. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Analysis of stochastic dual dynamic programming method"
000285574900008	X	"Along with insights into the potential for graft success, knowledge of biomechanical properties of small diameter tissue-engineered blood vessel (TEBV) will enable designers to tailor the vessels' mechanical response to closer resemble that of native tissue. Composed of two layers that closely mimic the native media and adventitia, a tissue-engineered vascular adventitia (TEVA) is wrapped around a tissue-engineered vascular media (TEVM) to produce a self-assembled tissue-engineered media/adventia (TEVMA). The current study was undertaken to characterize the biaxial biomechanical properties of TEVM, TEVA and TEVMA under physiological pressures as well as characterize the stress-free reference configuration. It was shown that the TEVA had the greatest compliance over the physiological loading range while the TEVM had the lowest compliance. As expected, compliance of the SA-TEBV fell in between with an average compliance of 2.73 MPa(-1). Data were used to identify material parameters for a microstructurally motivated constitutive model. Identified material parameters for the TEVA and TEVM provided a good fit to experimental data with an average coefficient of determination of 0.918 and 0.868, respectively. These material parameters were used to develop a two-layer predictive model for the response of a TEVMA which fit well with experimental data.; Biaxial biomechanical properties of self-assembly tissue-engineered blood vessels"
000285623300057	X	"In this paper we demonstrate the potential for novel nanoporous framework materials (NFM) such as metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) to provide selectivity and sensitivity to a broad range of analytes including explosives, nerve agents, and volatile organic compounds (VOCs). NFM are highly ordered, crystalline materials with considerable synthetic flexibility resulting from the presence of both organic and inorganic components within their structure. Detection of chemical weapons of mass destruction (CWMD), explosives, toxic industrial chemicals (TICs), and volatile organic compounds (VOCs) using micro-electro-mechanical-systems (MEMS) devices, such as microcantilevers and surface acoustic wave sensors, requires the use of recognition layers to impart selectivity. Traditional organic polymers are dense, impeding analyte uptake and slowing sensor response. The nanoporosity and ultrahigh surface areas of NFM enhance transport into and out of the NFM layer, improving response times, and their ordered structure enables structural tuning to impart selectivity. Here we describe experiments and modeling aimed at creating NFM layers tailored to the detection of water vapor, explosives, CWMD, and VOCs, and their integration with the surfaces of MEMS devices. Force field models show that a high degree of chemical selectivity is feasible. For example, using a suite of MOFs it should be possible to select for explosives vs. CWMD, VM vs. GA (nerve agents), and anthracene vs. naphthalene (VOCs). We will also demonstrate the integration of various NFM with the surfaces of MEMS devices and describe new synthetic methods developed to improve the quality of VFM coatings. Finally, MOF-coated MEMS devices show how temperature changes can be tuned to improve response times, selectivity, and sensitivity.; Investigation of Microcantilever Array with Ordered Nanoporous Coatings for Selective Chemical Detection"
000285659300004	X	"High throughput, low cost, and high efficiency are the keys to reducing the cost of photovoltaic electricity. To realize high efficiency, the quality of emitter is critical. The emitter can be formed either by batch deposition in a tube using liquid POCl(3) source or by inline spray deposition of phosphoric acid (P(2)O(5)). The POCl(3) process has been optimized over the years to give reproducible performance, whereas the inline diffusion has not been systematically optimized. This paper reports on solar cell results with the inline emitters. Sheet resistance mapping tool has been used to quantify the emitter uniformity in conjunction with junction depth and phosphorus surface concentration to characterize the inline emitters. We have achieved average efficiencies of 17.1 and 17.4%, respectively, on 2 Omega-cm textured CZ with 45 and 60 Omega/sq emitters. Average fill factor of 0.772 and ideality factor of 1.06 support the front contact firing optimization for the inline emitters. Personal computer one dimensional (PC ID) modeling of the 60 Omega/sq emitter showed efficiency of >18% is achievable by reducing the front surface recombination velocity (FSRV) from 120 000 to 80 000 cm/s and increasing the fill factor to 79.5%. Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.; High efficiency inline diffused emitter (ILDE) solar cells on mono-crystalline CZ silicon"
000285706100016	X	"Relying on the piezopotential created in ZnO under straining, nanogenerators, piezotronics and piezo-phototronics developed based on laterally bonded nanowires on a polymer substrate have been reviewed. The principle of the nanogenerator is a transient flow of electrons in external load as driven by the piezopotential created by dynamic straining. By integrating the contribution made by millions of nanowires, the output voltage has been raised to 1.2 V. Consequently, self-powered nanodevices have been demonstrated. This is an important platform technology for the future sensor network and the internet of things. Alternatively, the piezopotential can act as a gate voltage that can tune/gate the transport process of the charge carriers in the nanowire, which is a gate-electrode free field effect transistor (FET). The device fabricated based on this principle is called the piezotronic device. Piezo-phototronic effect is about the tuning and controlling of electro-optical processes by strain induced piezopotential. The piezotronic, piezophotonic and pieozo-phototronic devices are focused on low frequency applications in areas involving mechanical actions, such as MEMS/NEMS, nanorobotics, sensors, actuators and triggers. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Lateral nanowire/nanobelt based nanogenerators, piezotronics and piezo-phototronics"
000285839200020	X	"This paper reports on the design and characterization of a high-gain tunable transimpedance amplifier (TIA) suitable for gigahertz oscillators that use high-Q lateral micromechanical resonators with large motional resistance and large shunt parasitic capacitance. The TIA consists of a low-power broadband current pre-amplifier combined with a current-to-voltage conversion stage to boost the input current before delivering it to feedback voltage amplifiers. Using this approach, the TIA achieves a constant gain of 76 dB-Ohm up to 1.7 GHz when connected to a 2 pF load at the input and output with an input-referred noise below 10pA/ root Hz in the 100 MHz to 1 GHz range. The TIA is fabricated in a 1P6M 0.18 mu m CMOS process and consumes 7.2 mW. To demonstrate its performance in high frequency lateral micromechanical oscillator applications, the TIA is wirebonded to a 724 MHz high-motional resistance (Q(unloaded) approximate to 2000, R(m) approximate to 750 Omega, C(p) approximate to 2 pF) and a 1.006 GHz high-parasitic (Q(unloaded) approximate to 7100, R(m) approximate to 150 Omega, C(p) approximate to 3.2 pF) AlN-on-Silicon resonator. The 724 MHz and 1.006 GHz oscillators achieve phase-noise better than -87 dBc/Hz and -94 dBc/Hz @ 1 kHz offset, respectively, with a floor around -154 dBc/Hz. The 1.006 GHz oscillator achieves the highest reported figure of merit (FoM) among lateral piezoelectric micromechanical oscillators and meets the phase-noise requirements for most 2G and 3G cellular standards including GSM 900 MHz, GSM 1800 MHz, and HSDPA.; A 76 dB Omega 1.7 GHz 0.18 mu m CMOS Tunable TIA Using Broadband Current Pre-Amplifier for High Frequency Lateral MEMS Oscillators"
000285886400007	X	"Organic electron-transporting materials are essential for the fabrication of organic p-n junctions, photovoltaic cells, n-channel field-effect transistors, and complementary logic circuits. Rylene diimides are a robust, versatile class of polycyclic aromatic electron-transport materials with excellent thermal and oxidative stability, high electron affinities, and, in many cases, high electron mobilities; they are, therefore, promising candidates for a variety of organic electronics applications. In this review, recent developments in the area of high-electron-mobility diimides based on rylenes and related aromatic cores, particularly perylene- and naphthalene-diimide-based small molecules and polymers, for application in high-performance organic field-effect transistors and photovoltaic cells are summarized and analyzed.; Rylene and Related Diimides for Organic Electronics"
000285995800014	X	"The extracellular matrix (ECM) provides important cues for directing cell phenotype. Cells interact with underlying ECM through cell-surface receptors known as integrins, which bind to specific sequences on their ligands. During tissue development, repair, and regeneration of epithelial tissues, cells must interact with an interstitial fibronectin (Fn)-rich matrix, which has been shown to direct a more migratory/repair phenotype, presumably through interaction with Fn's cell binding domain comprised of both synergy Pro-His-Ser-Arg-Asn (PHSRN) and Arg-Gly-Asp (RGD) sequences. We hypothesized that the Fn synergy site is critical to the regulation of epithelial cell phenotype by directing integrin specificity. Epithelial cells were cultured on Fn fragments displaying stabilized synergy and RGD (FnIII9'10), or RGD alone (FnIII10) and cell phenotype analyzed by cytoskeleton changes, epithelial cell-cell contacts, changes in gene expression of epithelial and mesenchymal markers, and wound healing assay. Data indicate that epithelial cells engage RGD only with alpha v integrins and display a significant shift toward a mesenchymal phenotype due, in part, to enhanced transforming growth factor-beta activation and/or signaling compared with cells on the synergy containing FnIII9'10. These studies demonstrate the importance of synergy in regulating epithelial cell phenotype relevant to tissue engineering as well as the utility of engineered integrin-specific ECM fragments in guiding cell phenotype.; Guiding Epithelial Cell Phenotypes with Engineered Integrin-Specific Recombinant Fibronectin Fragments"
000286127100002	X	"This article presents a summary of research issues and opportunities in alternative energy source research identified by panels of experts assembled by the Engineering Directorate of the US National Science Foundation. The objective was to identify transformative research issues and opportunities to make alternative energy sources viable. The article presents motivations for energy research, grand challenges, and specific challenges in the research areas covered. The grand challenges identified for the United States include supplying 30% of US electricity from photovoltaics by 2030, supplying 25% of US electricity from wind by 2025, displacing 30% of US hydrocarbon use by 2030 with bio-based products, and providing a practical 250-300 W h/kg energy storage system by 2025. Similar challenges could be outlined along the same lines for the remainder of the world. Examples of specific areas of research focus identified as promising include high performance p-type transparent conductors, multijunction thin-film photovoltaic devices, defects in chalcogenide semiconductors, experimental study and numerical modeling of the fluid mechanics of airflow as applied to wind turbines, improved materials for wind turbines, methods for creating high energy density transportable biological feedstocks, biorefinery processes yielding infrastructure-compatible biofuels and biochemicals directly, and improved electrodes and electrolytes for Li ion batteries. Arguments for each of these as research priorities are given. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Transformative research issues and opportunities in alternative energy generation and storage"
000286332000024	X	"The exciton-dissociation and charge-recombination processes in donor-acceptor complexes found in alpha-sexithienyl/C(60) and alpha-sexithienyl/perylenetetracarboxydiimide (PDI) solar cells are investigated by means of quantum-chemical methods. The electronic couplings and exciton-dissociation and charge-recombination rates have been evaluated for various configurations of the complexes. The results suggest that the decay of the lowest charge-transfer state to the ground state in the PDI-based devices: (i) is faster than that in the fullerene-based devices and (ii) in most cases, can compete with the dissociation of the charge-transfer state into mobile charge carriers. This faster charge-recombination process is consistent with the lower performance observed experimentally for the devices using PDI derivatives as the acceptor.; A comparative theoretical study of exciton-dissociation and charge-recombination processes in oligothiophene/fullerene and oligothiophene/perylenediimide complexes for organic solar cells"
000286485600001	X	"Graphene's extraordinary physical properties and its planar geometry make it an ideal candidate for a wide array of applications, many of which require controlled chemical modification and the spatial organization of molecules on its surface. In particular, the ability to functionalize and micropattern graphene with proteins is relevant to bioscience applications such as biomolecular sensors, single-cell sensors, and tissue engineering. We report a general strategy for the noncovalent chemical modification of epitaxial graphene for protein immobilization and micropatterning. We show that bifunctional molecule pyrenebutanoic acid-succinimidyl ester (PYR-NHS), composed of the hydrophobic pyrene and the reactive succinimide ester group, binds to graphene noncovalently but irreversibly. We investigate whether the chemical treatment perturbs the electronic band structure of graphene using X-ray photoemission (XPS) and Raman spectroscopy. Our results show that the sp(2) hybridization remains intact and that the pi band maintains its characteristic Lorentzian shape in the Raman spectra. The modified graphene surfaces, which bind specifically to amines in proteins, are micropatterned with arrays of fluorescently labeled proteins that are relevant to glucose sensors (glucose oxidase) and cell sensor and tissue engineering applications (laminin).; Nonperturbative Chemical Modification of Graphene for Protein Micropatterning"
000286499800024	X	"This article proposes the use of approximate dynamic programming (ADP) based on the ""postdecision state"" as a computationally efficient tool for the systematic handling of uncertainty in the context of stochastic process control. The need to handle uncertainties systematically, which is unmet by current advanced process control methodologies, such as model predictive control (MPC), is highlighted through two classes of problems that are commonly encountered in process control. These are (i) scenarios where processes, made to operate near constraint boundaries for economic reasons, exhibit frequent excursions into the infeasible region as a result of exogenous disturbances and (ii) situations where there exists significant interaction between state or parameter estimation and control such that the often employed assumptions of certainty equivalence or separation fail to hold. Most previous works on ADP, as specialized for process control problems, are better suited for deterministic problems. For stochastic problems, such as those treated in this work, the postdecision stage formulation confers immediate practical benefits since it allows the efficient use of off-the-shelf optimization solvers found in all MPC technology.; Postdecision-State-Based Approximate Dynamic Programming for Robust Predictive Control of Constrained Stochastic Processes"
000286773700007	X	"Dirac electrons in finite graphene samples with zigzag edges under high magnetic fields (in the regime of Landau-level formation) are investigated with regard to their bulk-type and edge-type character. We employ tight-binding calculations on finite graphene flakes (with various shapes) to determine the sublattice components of the electron density in conjunction with analytic expressions (via the parabolic cylinder functions) of the relativistic-electron spinors that solve the continuous Dirac-Weyl equation for a semi-infinite graphene plane. Away from the sample edge, the higher Landau levels are found to comprise exclusively electrons of bulk-type character (for both sublattices); near the sample edge, these electrons are described by edge-type states similar to those familiar from the theory of the integer quantum Hall effect for nonrelativistic electrons. In contrast, the lowest (zero) Landau level contains relativistic Dirac electrons of a mixed bulk-edge character without an analog in the nonrelativistic case. It is shown that such mixed bulk-edge states maintain also in the case of a square flake with combined zigzag and armchair edges. Implications for the many-body correlated-electron behavior (relating to the fractional quantum Hall effect) in finite graphene samples are discussed.; Unique nature of the lowest Landau level in finite graphene samples with zigzag edges: Dirac electrons with mixed bulk-edge character"
000286782200038	X	"The combination of current velocity and water depth influences stream flow conditions, and fish activities prefer particular flow conditions. This study develops a novel optimal flow classification method for identifying types of stream flow based on the current velocity and the water depth using a genetic algorithm. It is applied to the Datuan stream in northern Taiwan. Fish were sampled and their habitat investigated at the study site during the spring, summer, fall and winter of 2008-2009. The current velocity, water depth and maps of the presence probability of fish were estimated by ordinary and indicator kriging. The optimal classification results were compared with the classification results obtained using the Froude number and empirical methods. The flow classification results demonstrate that the proposed optimal flow classification method that considers depth-velocity and optimally identified criteria for classifying flow types, yields a current velocity and water depth of 0.32 (m/s) and 0.29 (m), respectively, and classifies the flow conditions in the study area as pool, run, riffle and slack The variography results of the current velocity and the water depth data reveal that seasonal flows are not spatially stationary among seasons in the study area. Kriging methods and a two-dimensional hydrodynamic model (River 2D) with empirical and optimal flow classification methods are more effective than the Froude number method in classifying flow conditions in the study area. The flow condition classifications and probability maps were generated by River 2D, ordinary kriging and indicator kriging, to quantify the flow conditions preferred by Sicyopterus japonicus in the study area. However, the proposed optimal classification method with kriging and River 2D is an effective alternative method for mapping flow conditions and determining the relationship between flow and the presence probability of target fish in support of stream restoration. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Monitoring and estimating the flow conditions and fish presence probability under various flow conditions at reach scale using genetic algorithms and kriging methods"
000286897100014	X	"Interlayer coupling in rotationally faulted graphene multilayers breaks the local sublattice symmetry of the individual layers. We present a theory of this mechanism, which reduces to an effective Dirac model with space-dependent mass in an important limit. It thus makes a wealth of existing knowledge available for the study of rotationally faulted graphene multilayers. We demonstrate quantitative agreement between our theory and a recent experiment.; Local sublattice-symmetry breaking in rotationally faulted multilayer graphene"
000286897100016	X	"The concept of chiral tunneling in metallic single-wall carbon nanotubes, originating from the interplay of local electrostatic and pseudomagnetic potentials, is considered and applied to an evaluation of the Josephson current in a nanotube-based superconductor-normal metal-superconductor (SNS) junction and the persistent current in a circular nanotube. In the former case, an oscillatory dependence of the critical supercurrent on the potential strength and the nanotube chiral angle is predicted. In the latter case, the existence of a spontaneous persistent current in an isolated ringlike nanotube is discussed.; Chiral tunneling in metallic carbon nanotubes"
000286988400081	X	"This letter presents a microelectromechanical system (MEMS) material testing setup that relies on electronic measurements of nanospecimen elongation. Compared to previously demonstrated MEMS that rely on high magnification images to measure elongation, this MEMS is more versatile, allowing both in situ and ex situ testing of nanomaterials with high accuracy and precision. We describe and characterize the MEMS device and illustrate its mode of operation with a successful ex situ uniaxial tensile test of a nanocrystalline nickel nanobeam. The combination of ex situ and in situ nanomechanical tests will enable a thorough investigation of critical properties pertaining to the reliability of nanosystems. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi: 10.1063/1.3553195]; A versatile microelectromechanical system for nanomechanical testing"
000287024100119	X	"This paper presents for the first time a novel manufacturing-compatible organic substrate and interconnect technology using ultra-thin chip-last embedded active and passive components for digital, analog, MEMS, RF, microwave and millimeter wave applications. The architecture of the platform consists of a low-CTE thin core and minimum number of thin build up organic dielectric and conductive layers. This organic substrate is based on a new generation of low-loss and thermally-stable thermosetting polymers (RXP-1 and RXP-4). Unlike LCP- and Teflon-based materials, the RXP material system is fully compatible with conventional FR-4 manufacturing processes. Ultra-thin silicon test die (55 mu m thick) has been embedded in a 60 mu m deep cavity with a 6-metal layer RXP substrate and a total thickness of 0.22mm. The embedded IC is interconnected to the substrate by ultra-fine pitch Cu-to-Cu bonding with polymer adhesives. This novel interconnection process performed at 180 degrees C, has passed 1,000 thermal shock cycles in reliability testing. Because of manufacturing process simplicity and unparalleled set of benefits, the chip-last technology described in this paper provides the benefits of chip-first without its disadvantages and thus enables highly miniaturized, multi-band, high performance 3D modules by stacking embedded 3D ICs or packages with embedded actives, passives and MEMS devices.; Chip-Last Embedded Actives and Passives in Thin Organic Package for 1-110 GHz Multi-Band Applications"
000287024100128	X	"Air-gap structures are of interest in a range of microelectronic applications especially in microelectromechanical systems (MEMS). In this work, we investigate the application of an unique trimaterial for MEMS packaging composed of polypropylene carbonate (PPC) as a sacrificial material, a photosensitive, hybrid inorganic/organic dielectric epoxycyclohexyl polyhedral oligomeric silsesquioxanes (POSS) as the overcoat material, and Al/Cr-Cu thin metal film as a hermetic seal. POSS was used both for patterning the PPC over the structures as well as a stable overcoat material thus reducing the complexity of the fabrication process. A wide range of device sizes and structures (from 20 X 100 mu m to 600 X 1000 mu m) were fabricated and the processing protocol was found to be compliant over these size/structure variations. Metal adhesion on the overcoat was substantially improved by using low power oxygen plasma for short durations. Cavity-strength was evaluated for different metals and thicknesses. An increase of 5.6 times in cavity-strength was observed for a thicker (3X) A1 metal film. Current work is focused on implementing the wafer-level air-cavity package into a lead frame packaged MEMS device through injection and compression molding techniques.; Three Dimensional Air-Gap Structures for MEMS Packaging"
000287024100130	X	"A 3D integration scheme for integrating a state-of-the-art CMOS IC with an arbitrary MEMS/sensor chip is reported. The integration scheme consists of a CMOS IC and a MEMS chip stacked on top of each other with the electrical interconnections between the chips being made using mechanically flexible interconnects (MFIs). In order to expose the MEMS/sensor device to the environment for sensing, the back side of the MEMS chip is assembled to the top side of the CMOS IC, with through silicon vias (TSVs) used to route the electrical signals from the MEMS devices on top side of the chip to the back side of the chip. Mechanically flexible interconnects are wafer-level batch fabricated interconnect structures that have high compliances in both in-plane and out-of-plane directions. The tapered interconnect design and curved beam profile allows the beam to use the 100% of the 20 mu m stand-off height without being damaged or undergoing a significant yielding. MFIs can be assembled using a flip-chip bonder and a key to successful bonding is the polymer ring technology that confines the solder to the tip of the MFIs during the reflow process. The second essential component in this integration scheme is the Through Silicon Via (TSV) technology that can be fabricated in wafers that already has sensitive MEMS devices (i.e., for post-MEMS TSV fabrication); the fabrication process does not require the use of a Chemical Mechanical Planarization (CMP) process on the device side of the wafer, and the use of ""mesh"" membrane allows efficient seed layer formation in relatively thick MEMS wafers. In this paper, the design, the fabrication, the mechanical simulation, mechanical characterization and assembly results for MFIs are reported. Fabrication result for the TSV technology is also reported.; 3D Integration of CMOS and MEMS using Mechanically Flexible Interconnects (MFI) and Through Silicon Vias (TSV)"
000287024100204	X	"Graphene, the basic building block of all graphitic materials has received significant scientific interest due to its ultra-high surface area (> 2,630 m(2)/g), high charge carrier mobility, high thermal conductivity, etc. In particular, graphenes high surface area and excellent electrical conductivity has made it a leading candidate for next generation electrode material in energy storage devices such as ultracapacitors. One of the approaches for high volume production of graphene is the reduction of exfoliated graphite oxide (GO) sheets by thermal annealing, and/or reducing agents. However, the high temperature annealing process consumes a large amount of energy. Furthermore, large quantities of toxic reducing agents such as hydrazine and dimethylhydrazine are required. In this paper microwave (MW) assisted heating is studied as a scalable approach for the synthesis of reduced graphene. In this study, dry MW irradiation (MWI) synthesis of the reduced graphene is successfully demonstrated and the MW reduced GO shows a improved electrode performance when compared to highly porous activated carbon; the state of the art electrode material in commercial ultracapacitors.; Graphene for Ultracapacitors"
000287024100269	X	"Si surface modification is of great significance for a variety of applications, such as hydrophobic treatment, surface passivation of photovoltaic devices, and microelectronic devices. In this study, a facile way of forming superhydrophobic surfaces is reported that uses KOH etching and Au assisted HF/H2O2 etching of silicon wafers. The Au layer was deposited onto a pyramidal silicon wafer via e-beam evaporation. By controlling the evaporation and etching times, the effect of micro/nano scale roughness was manipulated and superhydrophobic surfaces with reduced hysteresis were generated. Light reflection on the as prepared black surfaces was measured to assess the efficiency for low cost solar cell applications. The two scale roughness surface showed a much reduced reflectance compared to that of pyramid textured silicon surfaces which are commonly employed in high efficiency solar cells. The effect of micro/nano size on light reflection properties was also studied. This approach offers a new way both to theoretically study the surface roughness effect and to investigate engineering applications of self-cleaning surfaces in solar cells. Such surface could also be applied in plastic packaging of IC device.; Micro/Nano Structure Size Effect on Superhydrophobicity and Anti Reflection of Single Crystalline Si Solar Cells"
000287059000001	X	"Gene silencing through RNA interference (RNAi) has revolutionized the study of gene function, particularly in non-model insects. However, in Lepidoptera (moths and butterflies) RNAi has many times proven to be difficult to achieve. Most of the negative results have been anecdotal and the positive experiments have not been collected in such a way that they are possible to analyze. In this review, we have collected detailed data from more than 150 experiments including all to date published and many unpublished experiments. Despite a large variation in the data, trends that are found are that RNAi is particularly successful in the family Saturniidae and in genes involved in immunity. On the contrary, gene expression in epidermal tissues seems to be most difficult to silence. In addition, gene silencing by feeding dsRNA requires high concentrations for success. Possible causes for the variability of success in RNAi experiments in Lepidoptera are discussed. The review also points to a need to further investigate the mechanism of RNAi in lepidopteran insects and its possible connection to the innate immune response. Our general understanding of RNAi in Lepidoptera will be further aided in the future as our public database at http://insectacentral.org/RNAi will continue to gather information on RNAi experiments. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; RNA interference in Lepidoptera: An overview of successful and unsuccessful studies and implications for experimental design"
000287083200058	X	"A new graduate-level course entitled ""Carbon Nanoelectronics,"" offered in the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Georgia Institute of Technology uses carbon nanotubes (CNT) and graphene as a platform to teach the fundamental nanoelectronic concepts. CNTs which are rolls of single layer carbon sheets and graphene which is a sheet of carbon atoms are promising materials for a host of applications from transistors and interconnects to sensors and electron guns. Their wide verity of applications, their simple structure, and their true one-or two-dimensional nature make them excellent choices for teaching the science and engineering aspects of nanoelectronics.; Work In Progress - Carbon Nanomaterials: A Platform to Teach Fundamentals of Nanoelectronics"
000287175700019	X	"The formation of a suitable extracellular matrix (ECM) that promotes cell adhesion, organization, and proliferation is essential within biomaterial scaffolds for tissue engineering applications. In this work, short elastin mimetic peptide sequences, EM-19 and EM-23, were engineered to mimic the active motifs of human elastin in hopes that they can stimulate ECM development in synthetic polymer scaffolds. Each peptide was incubated with human aortic smooth muscle cells (SMCs) and elastin and desmosine production were quantified after 48 h. EM-19 inhibited elastin production through competitive binding phenomena with the elastin binding protein (EBP), whereas EM-23, which contains an RGDS domain, induces recovery of elastin production at higher concentrations, alluding to a higher binding affinity for the integrins than for the EBP and the involvement of integrins in elastin production. Colocalization of each peptide with the elastin matrix was confirmed using immunofluorescent techniques. Our data suggest that with appropriate cell-binding motifs, we can simulate the cross-linking of tropoelastin into the developing elastin matrix using short peptide sequences. The potential for increased cell adhesion and the incorporation of elastin chains into tissue engineering scaffolds make these peptides attractive bioactive moieties that can easily be incorporated into synthetic biomaterials to induce ECM formation.; Self-Assembly of Elastin-Based Peptides into the ECM: the Importance of Integrins and the Elastin Binding Protein in Elastic Fiber Assembly"
000287366000016	X	Previous studies of the mechanical properties of Si nanowires have not shown the size-dependent strengths that are expected for this prototypical brittle material. A potential source of the ambiguity in the literature is the development of tensile stresses during the large (nonlinear) deflections that were present during the flexure tests. In this work we show that size-dependent strengths can be observed in Si nanowires when they are evaluated using uniaxial tension loading conditions. Si nanowires with diameters ranging from 268 to 840 nm were fabricated using the vapor-liquid-solid method and were strained to failure in vacuum using a micromachined load frame. The smallest nanowires were the strongest but the magnitude of the size effect suggests that the flaw populations in Si nanowires are orientation-dependent. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3537658]; Dependence on diameter and growth direction of apparent strain to failure of Si nanowires
000287388000004	X	"In this paper we present a genotype representation method for improving the performance of genetic-algorithm-based optimal design and synthesis of microelectromechanical systems. The genetic algorithm uses a hierarchical component-based genotype representation, which incorporates specific engineering knowledge into the design optimization process. Each microelectromechanical system component is represented by a gene with its own parameters defining its geometry and the way it can be modified from one generation to the next. The object-oriented genotype structures efficiently describe the hierarchical nature typical of engineering designs. They also encode knowledge-based constraints that prevent the genetic algorithm from wasting time exploring inappropriate regions of the search space. The efficiency of the hierarchical component-based genotype representation is demonstrated with surface-micromachined resonator designs.; Hierarchical component-based representations for evolving microelectromechanical systems designs"
000287470900013	X	"Background: The goal of tissue engineering is to restore tissue function using biomimetic scaffolds which direct desired cell fates such as attachment, proliferation and differentiation. Cell behavior in vivo is determined by a complex interaction of cells with extracellular biosignals, many of which exist on a nanoscale. Therefore, recent efforts in tissue engineering biomaterial development have focused on incorporating extracellular matrix- (ECM) derived peptides or proteins into biomaterials in order to mimic natural ECM. Concurrent advances in nanotechnology have also made it possible to manipulate protein and peptide presentation on surfaces on a nanoscale level. Scope of Review: This review discusses protein and peptide nanopatterning techniques and examples of how nanoscale engineering of bioadhesive materials may enhance outcomes for regenerative medicine. Major Conclusions: Synergy between ECM-mimetic tissue engineering and nanotechnology fields can be found in three major strategies: (1) Mimicking nanoscale orientation of ECM peptide domains to maintain native bioactivity, (2) Presenting adhesive peptides at unnaturally high densities, and (3) Engineering multivalent ECM-derived peptide constructs. General Significance: Combining bioadhesion and nanopatterning technologies to allow nanoscale control of adhesive motifs on the cell-material interface may result in exciting advances in tissue engineering. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled Nanotechnologies - Emerging Applications in Biomedicine. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Nanoscale engineering of extracellular matrix-mimetic bioadhesive surfaces and implants for tissue engineering"
000287515700074	X	This paper reports on the first demonstration of series tuning for lateral micromechanical oscillators and its application in a temperature-compensated 427MHz AlN-on-Si reference oscillator. The sustaining amplifier is a 13mW tunable TIA implemented in 0.18 mu m CMOS that uses shunt-parasitic cancellation to increase the tuning by 12x to 810ppm. The tunable oscillator along with a 2mW on-chip temperature compensation circuit has reduced the overall frequency drift to 70ppm in -10 degrees C to 70 degrees C. The phase-noise of the oscillator reaches -82dBc/Hz at 1kHz offset with floor below -147dBc/Hz.; An Electronically Temperature-Compensated 427MHz Low Phase-Noise AlN-on-Si Micromechanical Reference Oscillator
000287517900162	X	"A MEMS-NEMS cooling device based on gas-assisted, thin-film evaporation and its experimental performance characterization are presented, aiming to dissipate large heat fluxes at low junction temperature for thermal management of hot spots in microprocessors. The salient feature of this cooling scheme that distinguishes it from other currently used microfluidic cooling techniques is an efficient combination of heat and mass transfer modes to maximize the rate of convective heat transfer and phase change via evaporation, which enable dissipation of very large heat fluxes. In order to make this possible, a thin film of coolant (similar to 15 mu m) is maintained by capillary action over the hotspot by using a thin (similar to 10 mu m) nanoporous membrane. This results in minimizing the thermal resistance offered by the thin film. In addition, jet impingement of dry air over the membrane enhances evaporation rate by reducing the mass transfer resistance for transport of vapor phase from the liquid-vapor interface to the ambient. In this paper, design and performance results obtained from experimental testing of a microfabricated device are discussed, demonstrating the heat transfer coefficients approaching 0.1 MW/m(2)K, while maintaining surface temperatures well below the saturation temperature of the working fluid.; EXPERIMENTAL CHARACTERIZATION OF A MICRO-SCALE THIN FILM EVAPORATIVE COOLING DEVICE"
000287579500125	X	"Low-cost high efficiency solar cells are the key to achieving grid parity with photovoltaic devices. Laser processing in silicon photovoltaics is being incorporated at various stages to achieve this target. This paper details the fabrication, characterization and analysis of 4 cm(2) screen printed cells with efficiency over 20% achieved using a UV laser ablation for selective opening of rear dielectric. These cells are compared to cells fabricated using a screen printed etching paste for opening vias through the rear dielectric. Microscopy was used to examine the impact of laser pulses on the silicon surface and quality of the BSF and compare it with vias opened using etching paste. Characterization and analysis of these cells is performed using IOE measurements and supported by PC1D modeling. It was found that while laser ablation had an effect on the morphology of the silicon surface, the overall quality of the local back surface field and dielectric rear passivation were maintained, resulting in high cell efficiencies and V(OC).; 20% EFFICIENT SCREEN PRINTED LBSF CELL FABRICATED USING UV LASER FOR REAR DIELECTRIC REMOVAL"
000287579501123	X	"Fine and tall grid lines on high sheet resistance emitter can increase the efficiency of silicon solar cells by reducing the shadow loss and improving the blue response. However, current screen printing pastes are neither able to provide the adequate line geometry nor make good ohmic contact to high sheet resistance emitter. This paper uses a combination of inkjet printing and light induced plating of silver to solve both problems. The ink jetting of grid lines is used to write similar to 38 mu m wide and similar to 4 mu m tall seed lines. These grid lines grow to 65 mu m wide and 20-25 mu m tall after light induced plating of silver. The silver plating solution penetrates the entire contact region underneath the grid lines to reduce the PbO in the glass layer to Pb metal in addition to plating the silver crystallites underneath. This lowers the contact resistance. Prolonged plating builds the line height to reduce the line resistance. A combination of low contact and line resistances produced fill factor of 79.2% on 95-Omega/sq emitter. This resulted in 239-cm(2) Cz silicon solar cell efficiencies up to 18.7% with an average of 18.4%.; HIGH EFFICIENCY SILICON SOLAR CELLS WITH INK JETTED SEED AND PLATED GRID ON HIGH SHEET RESISTANCE EMITTER"
000287643900009	X	"Size scale plays an important role in the release properties and cellular presentation of drug delivery vehicles. Because negatively charged chondroitin sulfate (CS) is capable of electrostatically sequestering positively charged growth factors. CS-derived nanoscale micelles and microscale spheroids were synthesized as potential growth factor carriers to enhance differentiation of stem cells. Particles were characterized for morphology, size distribution, surface charge and cytocompatibility, as well as release of transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). CS micelles were spherical and negatively charged with a bimodal distribution of 324.1 +/- 8.5 and 73.2 +/- 4.4 nm diameters, and CS microspheres possessed a rounded morphology and a diameter of 4.3 +/- 0.93 mu m. Positively charged TGF-beta 1 demonstrated minimal release after loading in CS microspheres, while negatively charged TNF-alpha exhibited substantial release over the first 15 h, suggesting that TGF-beta 1 electrostatically complexed with CS. The micelles and microparticles were found to be cytocompatible at moderate concentrations with marrow stromal cell monolayers and within embryonic stern cell embryoid bodies. These synthesis techniques, which allow the formation of CS-based carriers over a variety of nano-and microscale sizes, offer versatility for tailored release of positively charged growth factors and controlled CS presentation for a variety of stem cell-based applications in tissue engineering and regenerative medicine. (C) 2010 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Development of nano- and microscale chondroitin sulfate particles for controlled growth factor delivery"
000287668500010	X	"A fully integrated, solid-state, compact hybrid cell (CHC) that comprises ""convoluted"" ZnO nanowire structures for concurrent harvesting of both solar and mechanical energy is demonstrated. The compact hybrid cell is based on a conjunction design of an organic solid-state dye-sensitized solar cell (DSSC) and a piezoelectric nanogenerator in one compact structure. The CHC shows a significant increase in output power, clearly demonstrating its potential for simultaneously harvesting multiple types of energy for powering small electronic devices for independent, sustainable, and mobile operation.; Compact Hybrid Cell Based on a Convoluted Nanowire Structure for Harvesting Solar and Mechanical Energy"
000287699100003	X	"Computer-controlled dynamic mode multidirectional ultraviolet (UV) lithography has been demonstrated using a collimated UV light source, a substrate-holding stage equipped with two stepper motors (one for tilting and the other for rotation), a controller with programming software and a laptop computer. The tilting and rotational angles of the stage in motion are accurately controlled during UV exposure as programmed by the user to produce complex three-dimensional (3D) microstructures. Process parameters include the initial and final tilting and rotational angles of the stage, and the relative angular velocities of the two motors in addition to the normal fabrication process parameters of UV lithography such as optical dose, baking time, and developing time and condition. Symmetric patterns can be generated by a simple synchronous mode dynamic operation, where both the angular velocities of the tilting motion and the rotating motion are set equal or harmonically related. More complex and non-symmetric patterns can be obtained using a piecewise synchronous mode, where the relationship between the angular velocities of the two motors is described not with a single coefficient but with a set of coefficients. 3D structures fabricated from the synchronous mode operation include the four-leaf clover horn and the cardiac horn while the ones from the piecewise synchronous mode are a vertical triangular slab, a screwed wind vane and arbitrary shape horns. Ray trace simulation has been performed using a mathematical tool in a spherical coordinate system and the simulated 3D patterns show good agreement with the fabricated ones.; Computer-controlled dynamic mode multidirectional UV lithography for 3D microfabrication"
000287701200008	X	"P>Plasma membrane, proton-coupled Group II sucrose symporters (SUT) mediate apoplastic phloem loading and sucrose efflux from source leaves in Arabidopsis and agricultural crop species that have been studied to date. We now report that the most abundantly expressed SUT isoform in Populus tremula x alba, PtaSUT4, is a tonoplast (Group IV) symporter. PtaSUT4 transcripts were readily detected in conducting as well as mesophyll cells in stems and source leaves. In comparison, Group II orthologs PtaSUT1 and PtaSUT3 were very weakly expressed in leaves. Both Group II and Group IV SUT genes were expressed in secondary stem xylem of Populus. Transgenic poplars with RNAi-suppressed PtaSUT4 exhibited increased leaf-to-stem biomass ratios, elevated sucrose content in source leaves and stems, and altered phenylpropanoid metabolism. Transcript abundance of several carbohydrate-active enzymes and phenylalanine ammonia-lyases was also altered in transgenic source leaves. Nitrogen-limitation led to a down-regulation of vacuolar invertases in all plants, which resulted in an augmentation of sucrose pooling and hexose depletion in source leaves and secondary xylem of the transgenic plants. These results are consistent with a major role for PtaSUT4 in orchestrating the intracellular partitioning, and consequently, the efflux of sucrose from source leaves and the utilization of sucrose by lateral and terminal sinks. Our findings also support the idea that PtaSUT4 modulates sucrose efflux and utilization in concert with plant N-status.; The sucrose transporter family in Populus: the importance of a tonoplast PtaSUT4 to biomass and carbon partitioning"
000287727700187	X	In this paper we propose a real time dynamic programming architecture for learning a high quality policy through simulation geared towards multi-stage stochastic decision problems. The method of real-time dynamic programming is made computationally tractable for practical process scheduling problems by the adoption of a notion called 'adaptive action set.' We apply the proposed approach to an exemplary manufacturing process with stochastic demand and product yield and compare its performance with an 'ideal' solution derived from a mixed integer programming formulation. We also investigate the effect of value table initialization by comparing two different initialization schemes.; A Real Time Adaptive Dynamic Programming Approach For Planning and Scheduling
000287801600016	X	"The application of porous hydroxyapatite-collagen (HAp-Collagen) as a bone tissue engineering scaffold is hindered by two main problems: its high cost and low initial strength. As a native 3-dimenssional collagen framework, purified porcine acellular dermal matrix (PADM) has been successfully used as a skin tissue engineering scaffold. Here we report its application as a matrix for the preparation of HAp to produce a bone tissue scaffold through a biomimetic chemical process. The HAp-PADMscaffold has two-level pore structure, with large channels (similar to 100 mu m in diameter) inherited from the purified PADM microstructure and small pores (< 100 nm in diameter) formed by self-assembled HAp on the channel surfaces. The obtained HAp-PADM scaffold (S15D) has a compressive elastic modulus as high as 600 kPa. The presence of HAp in sample S15D reduces the degradation rate of PADM in collagenase solution at 37 degrees C. After 7 day culture of MC3T3-E1 pre-osteroblasts, MTT data show no statistically significant difference on pure PADM framework and HAp-PADM scaffold (p>0.05). Because of its high strength and nontoxicity, its simple preparation method, and designable and tailorable properties, the HAp-PADM scaffold is expected to have great potential applications in medical treatment of bone defects.; In vitro Biomimetic Construction of Hydroxyapatite-Porcine Acellular Dermal Matrix Composite Scaffold for MC3T3-E1 Preosteoblast Culture"
000288026700076	X	"We report the enhanced photosensitivity of epitaxial graphene (EG) after electrochemical oxidation in nitric acid. The onset of photoconductivity appears at a photon energy of similar to 1.7 eV while the responsivity reaches 2.5 A/W at a wavelength of 470 nm (blue light, energy 2.64 eV) and further increases to 200 A/W in the UV spectral range (3.5 eV, 350 nm). The observed photoresponse is attributed to the formation of deep traps at the electro-oxidized EG interface, which release charge carriers under illumination and prolong the life time of the photocarriers. Potential applications of electro-oxidized EG in ultraviolet photodetection are discussed. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3562316]; Enhanced photosensitivity of electro-oxidized epitaxial graphene"
000288026700077	X	"We report on the binding mechanisms of oxygen and water to graphene by comparing the doping of graphene in a dry O(2) environment versus in ambient. It is seen that dry oxygen dopes graphene from the basal plane while the ambient dopes graphene from the edges or from the substrate in the vicinity of the edge. Upon vacuum annealing, doping is fully reversible in the former case and only partially reversible in the latter case. We observe a thickness-dependent doping as a result of the difference in host sites for doping (basal plane versus edge). Finally, hysteresis is shown to be triggered even in dry oxygen. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3562317]; Binding mechanisms of molecular oxygen and moisture to graphene"
000288026700090	X	"The paper attempts to elaborate on the basic problem of dielectric charging in insulating films for microelectromechanical capacitive switches, the dependence of the film electrical properties on material stoichiometry and the uncertainty of whether the implementation of a leaky dielectric would reduce the charging effects. Silicon nitride films with stoichiometries (N/Si) ranging from 0.36 to 0.85 were assessed in metal-insulator-metal capacitors using the thermally stimulated depolarization current method and by obtaining the current-voltage characteristics. Capacitive switches were also fabricated with the same dielectric films. Results from both devices revealed an enhanced charging in the case of silicon-rich films. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3560465]; Dielectric charging in capacitive microelectromechanical system switches with silicon nitride"
000288319000006	X	"Additional component in multilayer epitaxial graphene grown on the C-terminated surface of SiC, which exhibits the characteristic electronic properties of a AB-stacked graphene bilayer, is identified in magneto-optical response of this material. We show that these inclusions represent a well-defined platform for accurate magnetospectroscopy of unperturbed graphene bilayers.; Magneto-optics of bilayer inclusions in multilayered epitaxial graphene on the carbon face of SiC"
000288337400006	X	"The effect of epoxy-based cross-linking additives with different functionalities on the photolithographic properties, adhesion to substrates, and cross-link density of a tetramethyl ammonium hydroxide-developable polynorbornene-based dielectric was investigated. Three different multifunctional epoxy additives were investigated: difunctional, trifunctional, and tetrafunctional compounds. It was found that incorporation of a small quantity (1 wt % of solution) of an ultraviolet-absorbing tetrafunctional cross-linker, tetraphenylol ethane tetraglycidyl ether, activated the photo-catalyst and improved the sensitivity of a previously photosensitive polynorbornene-based formulation by a factor of 3.7. The impact of the epoxy cross-linkers on the physical and optical properties of the polymer formulations was evaluated. The contrast was improved from 7.37, for the control formulation, to 24.2. The polymer-to-substrate adhesion was also improved by addition of the tetrafunctional epoxy cross-linker, which facilitates the development of high-aspect-ratio structures. Hollow-core pillar structures in 40-mu m-thick films with a depth-to-width aspect ratio of 13 : 1 were produced. The cross-link density was studied by using swelling measurements of cured films to evaluate the average molecular weight between cross-links. (c) 2010 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Appl Polym Sci 120: 1916-1925, 2011; Cross-linking of Aqueous Base-Developable, Photosensitive Polynorbornene"
000288387900040	X	"Hydrogen is commonly introduced into silicon solar cells to reduce the deleterious effects of defects and to increase cell efficiency. When hydrogen is introduced into multicrystalline Si that is often used for the fabrication of solar cells, the H atoms can become trapped by carbon impurities to produce defect structures known at H(2)*(C). These defects act as both a source and a sink for hydrogen in H-related defect reactions. IR spectroscopy has been used to determine what H-and C-related defects are formed in multicrystalline Si when the carbon concentration is varied. A process that is used by industry to introduce hydrogen into Si solar cells is the postdeposition annealing of a hydrogen-rich SiN(x) layer. The H(2)*(C) defects provide a strategy for estimating the concentration and penetration depth of the hydrogen that is introduced by this method. VC 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi: 10.1063/1.3561367]; Interaction of hydrogen with carbon in multicrystalline Si solar-cell materials"
000288450200033	X	"Soluble alternating copolymers of N-(3,4,5-tri-n-dodecyloxyphenyl)dithieno[3,2-b:2',3'-d]pyrrole donor groups and 2,3-di-n-decylquinoxaline, 2,3-di-n-decylpyrido[3,4-b]pyrazine, 2,3,6,7-tetrakis(n-decyloxy)benzo[a,c]phenazine, or 2,3,6,7-tetrakis(n-decyloxy) dibenzo[f,h]pyrido[4,3-b]quinoxaline acceptors were synthesised using Stille coupling reactions. Experimental absorption maxima in THF range from 645 to 770 nm. These optical data, along with the results of quantum-chemical calculations and electrochemical measurements, show that, as expected, the pyridopyrazine moiety acts as a stronger acceptor than quinoxaline and that the extended species benzophenazine and dibenzopyridoquinoxaline are stronger acceptors than quinoxaline and pyridopyrazine, respectively. Modest average hole mobilities of up to ca. 3.0 x 10(-4) cm(2) V(-1) s(-1) were obtained in field-effect transistors. Bulk heterojunction photovoltaic devices made from blends of the benzo[a,c]phenazine-based polymer with 3'-phenyl-3'H-cyclopropa[1,9](C(60)-I(h))[5,6]fullerene-3'-butanoic acid methyl ester (1 : 3 weight ratio) exhibited average power conversion efficiencies up to 1.4%.; Dithienopyrrole-quinoxaline/pyridopyrazine donor-acceptor polymers: synthesis and electrochemical, optical, charge-transport, and photovoltaic properties"
000288465400013	X	"Two electroactive polystyrene derivatives para-substituted with pi-conjugated oligothiophene, poly(5-hexyl-5 ''-(4-vinylphenyl)-2,2':5',2 ''-terthiophene) (PH3TS), and poly(5-hexyl-5 ''''-(4-vinylphenyl)-2,2':5',2 '':5 '',2''':5''',2 ''''-quinquethiophene) (PH5TS) have been successfully synthesized via the Stille coupling reaction between tributyltin postfunctionalized poly(4-(2-thiophenyl)styrene) (PTS) and bromo-oligothiophene. The effect of the chain length of the pendant oligothiophenes on properties of the resulting polymers including solubility, thermal stability, optical absorption, and electroactivation energy levels has been studied by using a variety of techniques such as thermogravimetric analyzer, differential scanning calorimetry, UV-Vis, Fluorescence, and cyclic voltammetry. With shielding of the hexyl terminal groups attached to the pendant oligothiophene units, no obvious chain aggregation was observed for both PH3TS and PH5TS even in a poor solvent environment. When compared with conventional linear conjugated polymer systems, the concept of grafting electroactive units as pendant side chains via postfunctionalizing aliphatic polymers might offer a strategy to precisely synthesize new electroactive polymer materials for a number of organic electronic applications. (C) 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Polym Sci Part A: Polym Chem 49: 1155-1162, 2011; Synthesis of Electroactive Polystyrene Derivatives Para-Substituted with pi-Conjugated Oligothiophene via Postgrafting Functionalization"
000288465800019	X	"Calcification is the primary cause of failure of bioprosthetic and tissue-engineered vascular and valvular grafts. We used tissue-engineered collagen gels containing human aortic smooth muscle cells (HASMC) and human aortic valvular interstitial cells (HAVIC) as a model to investigate cell-mediated differences in early markers of calcification. The HASMCs and HAVICs were isolated from non-sclerotic human tissues. After 21 days of culture in either regular or osteogenic media with or without 10% cyclic strain at 1 Hz, the collagen gels were assessed for DNA content, collagen I, matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2 and glycosaminoglycan (GAG) content. The collagen gels containing HASMCs contained significantly greater amounts of collagen I and GAG compared to HAVICs. Although strain increased MMP-2 activity for both cell types, this trend was significant (p <= 0.05) only for HAVICs. Cultured gels were also assessed for osteogenic markers calcium content, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and Runx2 and were present at greater amounts in gels containing HASMCs than HAVIC5. Calcium content, Runx2 expression, and ALP activity were also modulated by mechanical strain. The results indicate that cell-mediated differences exist between the vascular and valvular calcification processes. Further investigation is necessary for improved understanding and to detect biomarkers for early detection or prevention of these diseases. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Differences in valvular and vascular cell responses to strain in osteogenic media"
000288569300060	X	"We present an in situ method of n-doping graphene by exfoliating in an N-ambient. By exfoliating single-layer graphene in a nitrogen-rich environment, the dopant specie plays an active role in minimizing C-C reconstruction that typically occurs at the moment of defect generation. Employing such in situ methods provides an efficient mechanism of passivating defects produced during graphene growth and transfer, as well as a means of controllably incorporating dopant species into the graphene lattice. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3562018]; In situ doping of graphene by exfoliation in a nitrogen ambient"
000288570600102	X	"Thermally conductive functionalized multilayer graphene sheets (fMGs) are efficiently aligned in large-scale,by,a vacuum filtration method at room temperature, as evidenced by SEM images and polarized Raman spectroscopy, A remarkably strong anisotropy in properties of aligned fMGs is observed. High electrical (similar to 386 S cm(-1)) and thermal conductivity (similar to 112 W m(-1) K(-1) at 25 degrees C) and ultralow coefficient of thermal expansion (similar to-0.71 ppm K(-1)) In the in-plane direction of A-fMGs. are obtained Without any reduction process. Aligned fMGs are vertically assembled between contacted silicon/silicon surfaces with pure indium as a metallic medium. Thus-constructed three-dimensional-vertically aligned fMG thermal interfacial material (VA-fMG TIM) architecture has significantly higher equivalent thermal conductivity (75.5 W m(-1) K(-1)) and lower contact thermal resistance (5.1 mm(2) K W(-1)), compared with their counterpart from A-fMGs that are recumbent between silicon-surfaces.,This finding provides a throughout approach for a graphene-based TIM assembly as well as knowledge of vertically aligned graphene architectures, which may not only facilitate graphene's application in current demanding thermal management but also promote its widespread applications in electrodes of energy storage devices, conductive polymeric composites, etc.; A Three-Dimensional Vertically Aligned Functionalized Multilayer Graphene Architecture: An Approach for Graphene-Based Thermal Interfacial Materials"
000288785200003	X	"A two-pole evanescent-mode waveguide narrow-band filter digitally tunable with micro-electromechanical system (MEMS) switches is demonstrated. A design approach for a prescribed frequency shift and tuning range is elaborated using a simple equivalent circuit model. The validity of the proposed frequency tuning concept is proved through simulation and measurement of a prototype. The measured tunable filter achieves three resonant states around 3 GHz, with an average frequency tuning of 20 MHz between each state, a fractional 1-dB bandwidth of 1.2-1.5% and better than 2.1 dB insertion loss. The measured unloaded quality factor (Q) of the filter varies from 315 to 460 over the frequency tuning range.; Two-pole digitally tunable evanescent-mode waveguide narrow-band filter with radio frequency micro-electromechanical systems switches"
000288885900006	X	"The effects of graphene growth parameters on the number of its layers were systematically studied and a new growth mechanism on Cu substrate was thus proposed. Through the investigation of the graphene growth parameters, including growth substrate types, carrier gases, types of carbon sources, growth temperature, growth time, and cooling rates, we found that graphene grows on Cu substrates via a surface-catalyzed process, followed by a templated growth. We can obtain either single layer graphene (SLG) or few-layer graphene (FLG) by suppressing the subsequent templated growth with a low concentration of carbon source gases and a high concentration of H(2). Our findings provide important guidance toward the synthesis of large-scale and high-quality FLGs and SLGs. This is expected to widen both the research and applications of graphene.; Controlled Growth of Multilayer, Few-Layer, and Single-Layer Graphene on Metal Substrates"
000288885900050	X	"Plasmonic field enhancement of nonradiative exciton relaxation rates in vertically aligned arrays of high aspect ratio CdTe-Au core-shell nanorods was investigated by transient absorption spectroscopy, computational electromagnetics, and kinetic modeling. Increasing shell thickness in the high aspect ratio nanorods was found to result in dramatic differences in polarization-dependent nonradiative exciton relaxation rates, which we attribute to differing mechanisms of plasmonic field enhancement associated with predominant ground- or excited-state absorption processes. These results are compared with previous investigations of low aspect ratio CdTe-Au core-shell nanorods, and overall conclusions regarding plasmonic enhancement of nonradiative relaxation rates in this system are presented. We propose that when the resonantly coupled dipolar plasmon field of the shell is polarized parallel to the ground-state absorption transition moment of the core, Auger recombination dominates carrier relaxation and slower second-order decay kinetics are observed. When contributions of the resonantly coupled plasmon field are nondipolar or orthogonal to the ground-state absorption transition moment of the core, excited-state absorption processes are believed to dominate and increasingly rapid first-order relaxation kinetics are observed. We find that these processes can vary greatly, depending on shell thickness and the orientation of the array, but are insensitive to aspect ratio. These investigations have significant implications in the design of photovoltaic and optoelectronic devices incorporating anisotropic plasmonic elements.; Plasmonic Enhancement of Nonradiative Charge Carrier Relaxation and Proposed Effects from Enhanced Radiative Electronic Processes in Semiconductor-Gold Core-Shell Nanorod Arrays"
000288908400017	X	"A novel foaming process-chemical foaming process (CFP)-using foaming agents to fabricate wafer-level micro glass cavities including channels and bubbles was investigated. The process consists of the following steps sequentially: (1) shallow cavities were fabricated by a wet etching on a silicon wafer; (2) powders of a proper foaming agent were placed in a silicon cavity, named 'mother cavity', on the etched silicon surface; (3) the silicon cavities were sealed with a glass wafer by anodic bonding; (4) the bonded wafers were heated to above the softening point of the glass, and baked for several minutes, when the gas released by the decomposition of the foaming agent in the 'mother cavity' went into the other sealed interconnected silicon cavities to foam the softened glass into cylindrical channels named 'daughter channels', or spherical bubbles named 'son bubbles'. Results showed that wafer-level micro glass cavities with smooth wall surfaces were achieved successfully without contamination by the CFP. A model for the CFP was proposed to predict the final shape of the glass cavity. Experimental results corresponded with model predictions. The CFP provides a low-cost avenue to preparation of micro glass cavities of high quality for applications such as micro-reactors, micro total analysis systems (mu TAS), analytical and bio-analytical applications, and MEMS packaging.; Preparation of wafer-level glass cavities by a low-cost chemical foaming process (CFP)"
000288971300002	X	"Interface tissue engineering (ITE) is a rapidly developing field that aims to fabricate biological tissue alternates with the goal of repairing or regenerating the functions of diseased or damaged zones at the interface of different tissue types (also called ""interface tissues""). Notable examples of the interface tissues in the human body include ligament-to-bone, tendon-to-bone and cartilage-to-bone. Engineering interface tissues is a complex process, which requires a combination of specialized biomaterials with spatially organized material composition, cell types and signaling molecules. Therefore, the use of conventional biomaterials (monophasic or composites) for ITE has certain limitations to help stimulate the tissue integration or recreating the structural organization at the junction of different tissue types. The advancement of micro- and nanotechnologies enable us to develop systems with gradients in biomaterials properties that encourage the differentiation of multiple cell phenotypes and subsequent tissue development. In this review we discuss recent developments in the fabrication of gradient biomaterials for controlling cellular behavior such as migration, differentiation and heterotypic interactions. Moreover, we give an overview of potential uses of gradient biomaterials in engineering interface tissues such as soft tissues (e.g. cartilage) to hard tissues (e.g. bone), with illustrated experimental examples. We also address fundamentals of interface tissue organization, various gradient biomaterials used in ITE, micro- and nanotechnologies employed for the fabrication of those gradients, and certain challenges that must be met in order for ITE to reach its full potential. (C) 2011 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Gradient biomaterials for soft-to-hard interface tissue engineering"
000289073300015	X	"We report on semitransparent organic solar cells using a single-layer blend based on poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) as the top electrode. The PEDOT:PSS blend was prepared by mixing a high-conductivity formulation of PEDOT:PSS (H.C. Starck CLEVIOS PH-1000) and another formulation of PEDOT:PSS (H. C. Starck CLEVIOS CPP 105D). The PEDOT:PSS blend yields good wetting properties on the hydrophobic surface of a blend of poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT) with phenyl-C(61)-butyric acid methyl ester (PC(60)BM), and shows a conductivity over 400 S cm(-1). Semitransparent organic solar cells using the PEDOT:PSS blend as the top electrode with a structure of glass/ITO/ZnO/P3HT:PC(60)BM/PEDOT:PSS-blend exhibited an average power conversion efficiency of 2.4% estimated for 100 mW cm(-2) AM 1.5G illumination. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Optimization of a polymer top electrode for inverted semitransparent organic solar cells"
000289149900134	X	"We present a technique to fabricate tunnel junctions between graphene and Al and Cu, with a Si backgate, as well as a simple theory of tunneling between a metal and graphene. We map the differential conductance of our junctions versus probe and backgate voltage, and observe fluctuations in the conductance that are directly related to the graphene density of states. The conventional strong-suppression of the conductance at the graphene Dirac point cannot be clearly demonstrated, but a more robust signature of the Dirac point is found: the inflection in the conductance map caused by the electrostatic gating of graphene by the tunnel probe. We present numerical simulations of our conductance maps, confirming the measurement results. In addition, Al causes strong n doping of graphene, Cu causes a moderate p doping, and in high resistance junctions, phonon resonances are observed, as in STM studies. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3554480]; Transport in graphene tunnel junctions"
000289151400007	X	"We describe a new dynamic Monte Carlo model to simulate the operation of a polymer-blend solar cell; this model provides major improvements with respect to the one we developed earlier [J. Phys. Chem. B 114, 36 (2010)] by incorporating the Poisson equation and a charge thermoactivation mechanism. The advantage of the present approach is its capacity to deal with a nonuniform electrostatic potential that dynamically depends on the charge distribution. In this way, the unbalance in electron and hole mobilities and the space-charge induced potential distribution can be treated explicitly. Simulations reproduce well the experimental I-V curve in the dark and the open-circuit voltage under illumination of a polymer-blend solar cell. The dependence of the photovoltaic performance on the difference in electron and hole mobilities is discussed. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3569130]; An improved dynamic Monte Carlo model coupled with Poisson equation to simulate the performance of organic photovoltaic devices"
000289187300001	X	"Perylene-3,4,9,10-tetracarboxylic acid diimides (perylene diimides, PDIs) have been used as industrial pigments for many years. More recently, new applications for PDI derivatives have emerged in areas including organic photovoltaic devices and field-effect transistors. This Perspective discusses the synthesis and physical properties of PDI derivatives and their applications in organic electronics.; Perylene-3,4,9,10-tetracarboxylic Acid Diimides: Synthesis, Physical Properties, and Use in Organic Electronics"
000289205400007	X	"We report the development of metal-transfer-micromolded 3-D microelectrode arrays (3-D MEAs) and demonstrate successful electrical characterization, biocompatibility measurements, and electrophysiological recordings from rat hippocampal brain slices with these MEAs. Metal transfer micromolding is introduced as a manufacturing technology for producing nonplanar metallized patterned microelectromechanical-systems devices such as MEAs on polymeric substrates. This technology provides a self-aligned metallization scheme that eliminates the need for complex 3-D lithography. Two techniques, i.e., an intentionally formed nonplanar mold and a shadow mask, are demonstrated for the self-aligned metallization scheme. The MEAs have further been packaged using custom-designed commercial printed circuit boards and insulated using parylene deposition. Recording sites have been defined using two techniques: laser micromachining/reactive ion etching (RIE) of parylene and selective deposition of parylene using a ""capping"" technique. Electrical (impedance spectroscopy), biocompatibility (2-D planar cultures of neurons), electrophysiological (tissue slice recordings) characterizations of the MEAs are successfully demonstrated in this paper. The impedance of the electrodes was modeled based on a classical equivalent circuit, and high-frequency impedance estimation techniques were studied. We believe this fabrication approach offers an attractive route to disposable and biocompatible 3-D MEAs, utilizable by the neurophysiology and pharmacology communities. [2010-0254]; Metal-Transfer-Micromolded Three-Dimensional Microelectrode Arrays for in-vitro Brain-Slice Recordings"
000289215400123	X	"We report the superior capacitance of functionalized graphene prepared by controlled reduction of graphene oxide (GO). In a solvothermal method, GO dispersed in dimethylformamide (DMF) was thermally treated at a moderate temperature (150 degrees C), which allows a fine control of the density of functionalities. Surface functionalities on graphene would enable a high pseudocapacitance, good wetting property, and acceptable electric conductivity. A specific capacitance up to 276 F/g was achieved based on functionalized graphene at a discharge current of 0.1 A/g in a 1 M H(2)SO(4) electrolyte, which is much higher than the benchmark material. The excellent performance of the functionalized graphene signifies the importance of controlling the surface chemistry of graphene-based materials.; Superior Capacitance of Functionalized Graphene"
000289513700035	X	"A high quality transparent p-n heterojunction device comprised of 1D zinc oxide (ZnO) nanorods (NRs) and an ultrathin 2D graphene oxide (GO): carbon nanotube (CNT) hybrid film was fabricated through a solution process. The turn on voltage and ideality factor of the device were 1.5V and 6.1, respectively. Optical measurements revealed that the UV absorption of the ZnO NRs increased after a GO: CNT hybrid film was spray-coated onto the NRs. As a result, the device exhibited a high response to UV illumination. The fabricated diode displayed high rectifying characteristics and excellent performance as a visible-blind UV sensor. (c) 2011 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim; Solution-processed semitransparent p-n graphene oxide: CNT/ZnO heterojunction diodes for visible-blind UV sensors"
000289518200004	X	"We present industrialized bifacial solar cells on large area (149 cm(2)) 2cm CZ monocrystalline silicon wafers processed with industrially relevant techniques such as liquid source BBr(3) and POCl(3) open-tube furnace diffusions, plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) SiN(x) deposition, and screen printed contacts. The fundamental analysis of the paste using at boron-diffused surface and the bifacial solar cell firing cycle has been investigated. The resulting solar cells have front and rear efficiencies of 16.6 and 12.8%, respectively. The ratio of the rear J(SC) to front J(SC) is 76.8%. It increases the bifacial power by 15.4% over a conventional solar cell at 20% of 1-sun rear illumination, which equals to the power of a conventional solar cell with 19.2% efficiency. We also present a bifacial glass-glass photovoltaic (PV) module with 30 bifacial cells with the electrical characteristics. Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.; High efficiency screen printed bifacial solar cells on monocrystalline CZ silicon"
000289762400040	X	"The effect of the macromolecular additive, polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS), on the performance of solution processed molecular bulk heterojunction solar cells is investigated, and the addition of PDMS is shown to improve device power conversion efficiency by similar to 70% and significantly reduce cell-to-cell variation, from a power conversion efficiency of 1.25 +/- 0.37% with no PDMS to 2.16 +/- 0.09% upon the addition of 0.1 mg/mL PDMS to the casting solution. The cells are based on a thiophene and isoindigo containing oligomer as the electron donor and [6,6]-phenyl-C61 butyric acid methyl ester (PC(61)BM) as the electron acceptor. PDMS is shown to have a strong influence on film morphology, with a significant decrease in film roughness and feature size observed. The morphology change leads to improved performance parameters, most notably an increase in the short circuit current density from 4.3 to 6.8 mA/cm(2) upon addition of 0.1 mg/mL PDMS. The use of PDMS is of particular interest, as this additive appears frequently as a lubricant in plastic syringes commonly used in device fabrication; therefore, PDMS may unintentionally be incorporated into device active layers.; Polydimethylsiloxane as a Macromolecular Additive for Enhanced Performance of Molecular Bulk Heterojunction Organic Solar Cells"
000289952800007	X	"Power dissipation in charge-based technology is the biggest roadblock toward miniaturizing circuits. Quantum-mechanical tunneling and subthreshold leakage current will ultimately limit scaling of silicon field-effect transistors. To continue Moore's law scaling, it is imperative that devices working with a state variable other than electron charge are sought for. Examples of alternate state variables include electron spins, pseudo-spins in graphene, direct and indirect excitons, plasmons, and phonons. At the same time, interconnection aspects of devices utilizing novel state variables must be considered early on. This paper provides a framework to quantify energy dissipation in interconnects for novel state variables. Models for energy per bit are then used along with previously derived models for delay of interconnects for novel state variables to compare performance and energy dissipation of novel interconnects with complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) interconnects. Comparison results provide important insights into material, device, and circuit implications of post-CMOS technologies.; Modeling Interconnects for Post-CMOS Devices and Comparison With Copper Interconnects"
000289998400005	X	Effect of Nitrophenyl Functionalization on the Magnetic Properties of Epitaxial Graphene
000290039300016	X	"RNA interference (RNAi) is a powerful technique for functional genomics, yet no studies have reported its successful application to zooplankton. Many zooplankton, particularly microscopic metazoans of phylum Rotifera, have unique life history traits for which genetic investigation has been limited. In this paper, we report the development of RNAi methods for rotifers, with the exogenous introduction of double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) through the use of a lipofection reagent. Transfection with dsRNA for heat shock protein 90, the membrane-associated progesterone receptor, and mitogen-activated protein kinase significantly increased the proportion of non-reproductive females. Additionally, a fluorescence-based lectin binding assay confirmed the significant suppression of four of six glycosylation enzymes that were targeted with dsRNA. Suppression of mRNA transcripts was confirmed with quantitative PCR. Development of RNAi for rotifers promises to enhance the ability for assessing genetic regulation of features critical to their life history and represents a key step toward functional genomics research in zooplankton.; Exposure to dsRNA Elicits RNA Interference in Brachionus manjavacas (Rotifera)"
000290063600001	X	Self-Assembled Amphiphilic Diketopyrrolopyrrole-Based Oligothiophenes for Field-Effect Transistors and Solar Cells
000290079000001	X	"In this paper we consider the adjustable robust approach to multistage optimization, for which we derive dynamic programming equations. We also discuss this from the point of view of risk averse stochastic programming. We consider as an example a robust formulation of the classical inventory model and show that, like for the risk neutral case, a basestock policy is optimal. (c) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; A dynamic programming approach to adjustable robust optimization"
000290196700009	X	"Bridging of long peripheral nerve gaps remains a significant clinical challenge. Electrospun nanofibers have been used to direct and enhance neurite extension in vitro and in vivo. While it is well established that oriented fibers influence neurite outgrowth and Schwann cell migration, the mechanisms by which they influence these cells are still unclear. In this study, thin films consisting of aligned poly-acrylonitrile methylacrylate (PAN-MA) fibers or solvent casted smooth, PAN-MA films were fabricated to investigate the potential role of differential protein adsorption on topography-dependent neural cell responses. Aligned nanofiber films promoted enhanced adsorption of fibronectin compared to smooth films. Studies employing function-blocking antibodies against cell adhesion motifs suggest that fibronectin plays an important role in modulating Schwann cell migration and neurite outgrowth from dorsal root ganglion (DRG) cultures. Atomic Force Microscopy demonstrated that aligned PAN-MA fibers influenced fibronectin distribution, and promoted aligned fibronectin network formation compared to smooth PAN-MA films. In the presence of topographical cues, Schwann cell-generated fibronectin matrix was also organized in a topographically sensitive manner. Together these results suggest that fibronectin adsorption mediated the ability of topographical cues to influence Schwann cell migration and neurite outgrowth. These insights are significant to the development of rational approaches to scaffold designs to bridge long peripheral nerve gaps. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Role of fibronectin in topographical guidance of neurite extension on electrospun fibers"
000290248600002	X	"Through recent technical advances, multiple resources can be connected to provide a computing grid for processing computationally intensive applications. We build on an approach, termed sequential grid computing, that takes advantage of idle processing power by routing jobs that require lengthy processing through a sequence of processors. We present two models that solve the static and dynamic versions of the sequential grid scheduling problem for a single job. In the static and dynamic versions, the model maximizes a reward function tied to the probability of completion within service-level agreement parameters. In the dynamic version, the static model is modified to accommodate real-time deviations from the plan. We then extend the static model to accommodate multiple jobs. Extensive computational experiments highlight situations (a) where the models provide improvements over scheduling the job on a single processor and (b) where certain factors affect the quality of solutions obtained.; Sequential Grid Computing: Models and Computational Experiments"
000290266500002	X	"The property of vasoactivity is important for both resistance vessels and larger arteries. Evaluation of smooth muscle cell phenotype is often done in place of functional testing in engineered tissues, assuming a direct correlation between cell phenotype and tissue contractile force. In this study we look at a large panel of vasoactive agents to determine the functionality of our collagen-based tissue. The engineered vascular media elicited a measurable change in force in response to seven of the nine agents used. As part of this characterization, TGF beta(1) and TNF alpha were used to promote a more contractile and synthetic cell phenotype respectively. Both smooth muscle alpha-actin and vasoconstriction were evaluated in ring sections. Due to large differences in cell-compaction and cell distribution in the tissues, no correlation was found between alpha-actin expression and contractile strength. This highlights the need for functional testing of engineered tissue and the importance of cell-matrix interactions in vasoactivity.; Tissue engineering of a collagen-based vascular media Demonstration of functionality"
000290282400106	X	"The computations of the high-order partial derivatives in a given problem are in general tedious or not accurate. To combat such shortcomings, a new method for calculating exact high-order sensitivities using multi-complex numbers is presented. Inspired by the recent complex step method that is only valid for first order sensitivities, the new multi-complex approach is valid to arbitrary order. The mathematical theory behind this approach is revealed, and an efficient procedure for the automatic implementation of the method is described. Several applications are presented to validate and demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of the algorithm. The results are compared to conventional approaches such as finite differencing, the complex step method, and two separate automatic differentiation tools. Our multi-complex method is shown to have many advantages, and it is therefore expected to be useful for any algorithm exploiting high-order derivatives, such as many non-linear programming solvers.; USING MULTICOMPLEX VARIABLES FOR AUTOMATIC COMPUTATION OF HIGH-ORDER DERIVATIVES"
000290335600087	X	"Nanotechnology is enabling the development of devices in a scale ranging from one to a few hundred nanometers. Coordination and information sharing among these nano-devices will lead towards the development of future nanonetworks, rising new applications of nanotechnology in the medical, environmental and military fields. Despite the major progress in nano-device design and fabrication, it is still not clear how these atomically precise machines will communicate. The latest advancements in graphene-based electronics have opened the door to electromagnetic communication among nano-devices in the terahertz band (0.1-10 THz). This frequency band can potentially provide very large bandwidths, ranging from the entire band to several gigahertz-wide windows, depending on the transmission distance and the molecular composition of the channel. In this paper, the capacity of the terahertz channel is numerically evaluated by using a new terahertz propagation model, for different channel molecular compositions, and under different power allocation schemes. A novel communication technique based on the transmission of ultra-short pulses, less than one picosecond long, is motivated and quantitatively compared to the capacity-optimal power allocation scheme. The results show that for the very short range, up to a few tens of millimeters, the transmission of short pulses offer a realistic and still efficient way to exploit the terahertz channel.; Channel Capacity of Electromagnetic Nanonetworks in the Terahertz Band"
000290373000042	X	"Graphene, a hexagonal sheet of sp(2)-bonded carbon atoms, has extraordinary properties which hold immense promise for nanoelectronic applications. Unfortunately, the popular preparation methods of micromechanical cleavage and chemical exfoliation of graphite do not easily scale up for application purposes. Epitaxial graphene provides an attractive alternative, though there are many challenges, not least of which is the absence of any understanding of the complex atomistic assembly kinetics of graphene layers. Here, we present a simple rate theory of epitaxial graphene growth on close-packed metal surfaces. On the basis of recent low-energy electron-diffraction microscopy experiments, our theory supposes that graphene islands grow predominantly by the attachment of five-atom clusters. With optimized kinetic parameters, our theory produces a quantitative account of the measured time-dependent carbon adatom density. The temperature dependence of this density at the onset of nucleation leads us to predict that the smallest stable precursor to graphene growth is an immobile island composed of six five-atom clusters. This conclusion is supported by a recent study based on temperature-programmed growth of epitaxial graphene, which provides direct evidence of nanoclusters whose coarsening leads to the formation of graphene layers. Our findings should motivate additional high-resolution imaging experiments and more detailed simulations which will yield important input to developing strategies for the large-scale production of epitaxial graphene.; Novel Growth Mechanism of Epitaxial Graphene on Metals"
000290521100003	X	"Topological defects can affect the physical properties of graphene in unexpected ways. Harnessing their influence may lead to enhanced control of both material strength and electrical properties. Here we present a class of topological defects in graphene composed of a rotating sequence of dislocations that close on themselves, forming grain boundary loops that either conserve the number of atoms in the hexagonal lattice or accommodate vacancy or interstitial reconstruction, while leaving no unsatisfied bonds. One grain boundary loop is observed as a ""flower"" pattern in scanning tunneling microscopy studies of epitaxial graphene grown on SiC(0001). We show that the flower defect has the lowest energy per dislocation core of any known topological defect in graphene, providing a natural explanation for its growth via the coalescence of mobile dislocations.; Grain boundary loops in graphene"
000290652200050	X	"We present an experimental investigation of the impact of size effects on conductance in nanoribbons fabricated from epitaxial graphene. The material resistivity is seen to increase significantly (up to 13 x for 50 nin wide ribbons) upon conversion from bulk graphene to nanoribbons. As the ribbon width is scaled below 100 nm, the resistivity is seen to be increasingly affected by substrate morphology. Size effects set in earlier for low-quality samples, and the resistivity shows a weaker dependence on width; this is attributed to increased boundary scattering weakening the width dependence of resistivity. The opposite behavior is witnessed for high-quality samples. On moderate-quality samples, 20 nm graphene nanoribbons show a 6 x degradation of mobility compared to as-grown values.; Conductance of Epitaxial Graphene Nanoribbons: Influence of Size Effects and Substrate Morphology"
000290714800013	X	"Graphene stacked in a Bernal configuration (60 degrees relative rotations between sheets) differs electronically from isolated graphene due to the broken symmetry introduced by interlayer bonds forming between only one of the two graphene unit cell atoms. A variety of experiments have shown that non-Bernal rotations restore this broken symmetry; consequently, these stacking varieties have been the subject of intensive theoretical interest. Most theories predict substantial changes in the band structure ranging from the development of a Van Hove singularity and an angle-dependent electron localization that causes the Fermi velocity to go to zero as the relative rotation angle between sheets goes to zero. In this work we show by direct measurement that non-Bernal rotations preserve the graphene symmetry with only a small perturbation due to weak effective interlayer coupling. We detect neither a Van Hove singularity nor any significant change in the Fermi velocity. These results suggest significant problems in our current theoretical understanding of the origins of the band structure of this material.; Symmetry breaking in commensurate graphene rotational stacking: Comparison of theory and experiment"
000290826800071	X	"Highly flexible, robust, and sensitive Infrared nanosensors were fabricated based on carbon nanoparticles that were synthesized through a simple and low-cost flame method. The infrared nanosensor devices showed sharp infrared photoresponse with a response time of similar to 68 ms and a maximum photocurrent change of similar to 52.9%. The devices showed a superhydrophobic property with a contact angle larger than 150 degrees and a sliding angle of similar to 4 degrees. The mechanism for the enhanced Infrared photoresponse from carbon nanoparticles is discussed.; Self-Cleaning Flexible Infrared Nanosensor Based on Carbon Nanoparticles"
000290888400004	X	"In plant cells, DNA is packaged into chromatin by wrapping around histone octamers. Pathways that lead to cytosine DNA methylation, posttranslational histone modifications and certain components of the RNA interfering (RNAi) pathway are critically important in modulating chromatin structure, thereby affecting many molecular processes that take place in a cell. Recent advances in microarray and high-throughput sequencing technologies have made it possible to study these pathways on a genome-wide scale. Results from such epigenomic studies are broadening our understanding of plant genomes and are also providing important clues regarding the mechanisms and functions of these pathways that can be further tested using genetic and biochemical approaches. This review focuses on the high-throughput approaches that have been successfully applied in plant epigenomic studies.; High-throughput approaches for plant epigenomic studies"
000291052500056	X	"Background: Mosquitoes are insects that vector many serious pathogens to humans and other vertebrates. Most mosquitoes must feed on the blood of a vertebrate host to produce eggs. In turn, multiple cycles of blood feeding promote frequent contacts with hosts and make mosquitoes ideal disease vectors. Both hormonal and nutritional factors are involved in regulating egg development in the mosquito, Aedes aegypti. However, the processes that regulate digestion of the blood meal remain unclear. Methodology/Principal Findings: Here we report that insulin peptide 3 (ILP3) directly stimulated late phase trypsin-like gene expression in blood fed females. In vivo knockdown of the mosquito insulin receptor (MIR) by RNA interference (RNAi) delayed but did not fully inhibit trypsin-like gene expression in the midgut, ecdysteroid (ECD) production by ovaries, and vitellogenin (Vg) expression by the fat body. In contrast, in vivo treatment with double-stranded MIR RNA and rapamycin completely blocked egg production. In vitro experiments showed that amino acids did not simulate late phase trypsin-like gene expression in the midgut or ECD production by the ovaries. However, amino acids did enhance ILP3-mediated stimulation of trypsin-like gene expression and ECD production. Conclusions/Significance: Overall, our results indicate that ILPs from the brain synchronize blood meal digestion and amino acid availability with ovarian ECD production to maximize Vg expression by the fat body. The activation of digestion by ILPs may also underlie the growth promoting effects of insulin and TOR signaling in other species.; Insulin-Like Peptides and the Target of Rapamycin Pathway Coordinately Regulate Blood Digestion and Egg Maturation in the Mosquito Aedes aegypti"
000291171600004	X	"The promise of biomaterials design for regenerative medicine tissue engineering is predicated on the fundamental ability to direct or guide specific and highly coordinated cellular behaviors that culminate in the creation of physiologically functional tissues and organs. To date, our efforts have focused primarily on the grafting and presentation of short synthetic peptides with just cause. Short peptides are capable of high levels of control, can be manufactured relatively easily in a highly reproducible manner under GMP guidelines and are readily modified to enable their integration with numerous current and emerging chemistries for biomaterials grafting. However, while extracellular matrix (ECM)-derived peptides have demonstrated their initial purpose of promoting cell adhesion, their general lack of specificity and significantly decreased receptor binding affinities have proven detrimental in attempts to regulate highly specific and integrated processes necessary for tissue regeneration. Unlike adhesion peptides, the natural ECM displays a complex interplay with cells by supporting environmentally sensitive and cell dependent integrin specificity and binding affinity. Furthermore, the adhesion ligands on ECM proteins display a finely tuned and evolutionarily directed spatial periodicity, of which is dynamically controlled through both mechanical and chemical modifications. These and other emerging concepts from matrix biology require our attention if biomaterials design is to fulfill its promise. Here, we are charged with debating the statement 'The use of short synthetic adhesion peptides, like RGD, is the best approach in the design of biomaterials that guide cell behavior for regenerative medicine tissue engineering'. In this Leading Opinion Paper I will focus on aspects of natural ECM proteins and protein fragments that have proven difficult, if not impossible to date, to recapitulate in peptide-based systems. While this represents an argument against the use of peptides per se, it might also be viewed as outlining the challenges and opportunities for the biomaterials field. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; The role of ECM proteins and protein fragments in guiding cell behavior in regenerative medicine"
000291171700010	X	"Fibrin is a widely used biological scaffold in tissue engineering and regenerative medicine. While the polymerization dynamics from its soluble precursor fibrinogen has been studied for decades, few attempts have been made to modulate fibrin network structure through the addition of external agents that actively engage this process. We propose the use of polyethylene glycol (PEG)-based linkers that interact with fibrinogen via knob:hole affinity interactions as a means of controlling thrombin-mediated fibrin polymerization dynamics and resulting network structure. Using bivalent and tetravalent knob-PEG conjugates with sizes ranging from 2 to 20 kDa, we demonstrate that the clotting characteristics of fibrinogen solutions can be altered in a dose-dependent manner, with conjugate size playing a major role in altering fibrin network structure. Interestingly, factor XIIIa-catalyzed fibrin(ogen) crosslinking and plasmin-mediated degradation were not significantly impacted. This work demonstrates the feasibility of modulating fibrin network structure through the addition of knob-PEG conjugates that perturb the polymerization process through non-covalent knob:hole interactions. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Modulation of fibrin matrix properties via knob:hole affinity interactions using peptide-PEG conjugates"
000291286300044	X	"This paper presents the successful design, modeling, fabrication, packaging, and characterization of a mechanically actuated micro-electro-mechanical-systems (MEMS) microtweezer. This complete and modular MEMS system has minimal manufacturing complexity and can be augmented to any standard micromanipulator or positioning system. The microtweezer is mechanically actuated and hence has minimal impact on the surrounding microenvironment, a key consideration for micromanipulation. The microtweezer components are fabricated utilizing standard electroplating based processes. The microtweezer is functionally attached to a tether-cable system packaged within a stainless steel luer needle, which can be mounted to a manual controller with a luer interface. The controller, which provides axial rotational movement of the microtweezer, can be attached to any positioning stage to allow 5+ degrees of movement freedom. Mechanical modeling and characterization of the system shows that precise and controlled tool actuation is achieved with tip closing forces averaging 360 mN over an actuation range of 125 mu m. The system's performance and ease of use can provide the means to create and enhance a multitude of experimental preparations previously not possible. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Development and characterization of a packaged mechanically actuated microtweezer system"
000291286300047	X	"The complete phononic band gap (PnBG) of a phononic crystal (PnC) slab is used to efficiently and simultaneously confine both flexural and extensional (longitudinal) elastic vibrations in a resonator. The PnC structure is fabricated by etching a hexagonal (honeycomb) array of air holes in a silicon (Si) slab. Flexural and extensional acoustic modes in the structure are directly excited by a piezoelectric transducer stack fabricated directly on top of the resonant structure to excite the desired modes. Using a frequency sweep analysis, it is shown that the modes of the structure can be selectively excited by modification of the transducer. The fabricated PnC resonator resonates at 120 MHz and 129 MHz, which correspond to a flexural and an extensional mode, respectively. The measured resonance frequencies are in very good compliance with the eigen frequency and frequency sweep finite element analyses. By fitting a Butterworth-Van Dyke model, the electrical characteristics of the resonator in air are extracted. As a result, input impedances of 1200 Omega and 5000 Omega, and quality factors (Qs) of 3600 and 10,000 for the flexural and the extensional modes are obtained, respectively. The Q of 10,000 is, to our knowledge, the largest value reported for any PnC resonator to date. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Simultaneous high-Q confinement and selective direct piezoelectric excitation of flexural and extensional lateral vibrations in a silicon phononic crystal slab resonator"
000291286600014	X	"This paper develops approaches for incorporating informational and operational dynamics within models for intermodal drayage operations with flexible tasks. Tasks with flexible origins or destinations create an important complexity. We develop models to minimize the cost of drayage moves when flexibility exists. The solution approach generates plans at several decision epochs during the day. The optimization problem at each epoch is a complex multistage stochastic optimization problem: we find good solutions using a two-stage approximation. We show that with such a model, a drayage firm can find high-quality plans even when many tasks are not known initially. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Dynamic planning for urban drayage operations"
000291337100001	X	"Porous poly(lactic acid) PLA materials are highly demanded as scaffolding templates in tissue engineering applications. In this study, a protocol for creating co-continuous porous PLA structures with nanodiamond (ND) as additive was investigated. First, a ternary blend of PLA/PS/ND was prepared with different mixing ratios under different mixing conditions. Next, a post annealing stage was applied to coarsen the phase structure. Finally, the PS phase was sacrificially extracted, leaving a porous matrix. The experimental results showed that ND can be an effective compatiblizer for increasing the miscibility between PS and PLA and reducing the phase size. It was further found that the post annealing conditions significantly affect the distribution of ND particles in the blend and finally in the porous PLA structure.; PROCESSING OF NANODIAMOND LOADED POLY(LACTIC ACID) CO-CONTINUOUS POROUS STRUCTURES"
000291403100020	X	"Gigascale integration (GSI) chips with high bandwidth, integrated optoelectronics (OE), and photonic components are an emerging technology. In this paper, we present the prospects and opportunities for wafer-testing of chips with electrical and optical I/O interconnects. The issues and requirements of testing OE-GSI ICs during high-volume manufacturing are identified and discussed. Two probe substrate technologies based on microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) for simultaneously interfacing with a multitude of surface-normal optical I/Os and high-density electrical I/Os are detailed. The first probe substrate comprises vertically compliant probes for contacting electrical I/Os and grating-in-waveguide I/Os for optical probing. The second MEMS probe module uses microsockets and through-substrate interconnects to contact pillar-shaped electrical and optical I/Os and to redistribute signals, respectively.; Wafer-Testing of Optoelectonic-Gigascale CMOS Integrated Circuits"
000291441400040	X	"Recent years have witnessed breakthrough researches in micro- and nano-mechanical resonators with small dissipation. Nano-precision micromachining has enabled the realization of integrated micromechanical resonators with record high Q and high frequency, creating new research horizons. Not too long ago, there was a perception in the MEMS community that the maximum f.Q product of a microresonator is limited to a frequency-independent constant determined by the material properties of the resonator. In this paper, the contribution of phonon interactions in determining the upper limit of f.Q product in micromechanical resonators will be discussed and shown that after certain frequency, the f.Q product is no longer constant but a linear function of frequency. This makes it possible to reach very high Qs in GHz micro- and nano-mechanical resonators and filters. Contributions of other dissipation mechanisms such as thermoelastic damping and support loss in the quality factor of a microresonator will be discussed as well.; Energy Dissipation in Micromechanical Resonators"
000291610600001	X	"The recent and rapid enhancement in power conversion efficiencies of organic-based, bulk-heterojunction solar cells has been a consequence of both improved materials design and better understanding of the underlying physical processes involved in photocurrent generation. In this Perspective, we first present an overview of the application of quantum-chemical techniques to study the intrinsic material properties and molecular- and nano-scale processes involved in device operation. In the second part, these quantum-chemical tools are applied to an oligomer-based study on a collection of donor-acceptor copolymers that have been used in the highest-efficiency solar cell devices reported to date. The quantum-chemical results are found to be in good agreement with the empirical data related to the electronic and optical properties. In particular, they provide insight into the natures of the electronic excitations responsible for the near-infrared/visible absorption profiles, as well as into the energetics of the low-lying singlet and triplet states. These results lead to a better understanding of the inherent differences among the materials, and highlight the usefulness of quantum chemistry as an instrument for material design. Importantly, the results also point to the need to continue the development of integrated, multiscale modeling approaches to provide a thorough understanding of the materials properties.; A quantum-chemical perspective into low optical-gap polymers for highly-efficient organic solar cells"
000291878100003	X	"The expanding interest in electrospinning fibers for bioengineering includes a significant use of polyesters, including poly(epsilon-caprolactone) (PCL). This review summarizes literature on PCL and selected blends, and provides extensive descriptions of the broad range of parameters used in manufacturing such electrospun fibers. Furthermore the chemical, physical and biological approaches for characterizing the electrospun material are described and opinions offered on important information to include in future publications with this electrospun material.; Design, fabrication and characterization of PCL electrospun scaffolds-a review"
000291900700027	X	"Delivery of recombinant proteins is a proven therapeutic strategy to promote endogenous repair mechanisms and tissue regeneration. Bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) has been used to promote spinal fusion and repair of challenging bone defects; however, the current clinically-used carrier, absorbable collagen sponge, requires high doses and has been associated with adverse complications. We evaluated the hypothesis that the relationship between protein dose and regenerative efficacy depends on delivery system. First, we determined the dose-response relationship for rhBMP-2 delivered to 8-mm rat bone defects in a hybrid nanofiber mesh/alginate delivery system at six doses ranging from 0 to 5 mu g. Next, we directly compared the hybrid delivery system to the collagen sponge at 0.1 and 1.0 mu g. Finally, we compared the in vivo protein release properties of the two delivery methods. In the hybrid delivery system, bone volume, connectivity and mechanical properties increased in a dose-dependent manner to rhBMP-2. Consistent bridging of the defect was observed for doses of 1.0 mu g and greater. Compared to collagen sponge delivery at the same 1.0 mu g dose, the hybrid system yielded greater connectivity by week 4 and 2.5-fold greater bone volume by week 12. These differences may be explained by the significantly greater protein retention in the hybrid system compared to collagen sponge. This study demonstrates a clear dose-dependent effect of rhBMP-2 delivered using a hybrid nanofiber mesh/alginate delivery system. Furthermore, the effective dose was found to vary with delivery system, demonstrating the importance of biomaterial carrier properties in the delivery of recombinant proteins. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Effects of protein dose and delivery system on BMP-mediated bone regeneration"
000291935300011	X	"The surface states of ABC-stacked few-layer graphene ( FLG) are studied based on density-functional theory. These states form flat bands near the Fermi level, with the k-space range increasing with the layer number. Based on a tight-binding model, the characteristics of these surface states and their evolution with respect to the number of layers are examined. The infrared optical conductivity is then calculated within the single-particle excitation picture. We show that the surface states introduce unique peaks at around 0.3 eV in the optical conductivity spectra of ABC-stacked FLG when the polarization is parallel to the sheets, in good agreement with recent experimental measurement. Furthermore, as the layer number increases, the absorption amplitude is greatly enhanced and the peak position redshifts, which provides a feasible way to identify the number of layers for ABC-stacked FLG using optical conductivity measurements.; Enhanced optical conductivity induced by surface states in ABC-stacked few-layer graphene"
000291982804654	X	Tailoring interfaces in organic photovoltaic devices
000291993200008	X	"In celebration of the 10th anniversary of the Journal of Computing and Information Science in Engineering this article will provide a retrospective of past research on intelligent systems in engineering design research, and new perspectives. Intelligent systems and expert design knowledge have become important and integral parts of systems that support product design; they are embedded in many CAD tools, design knowledge repositories, design assistants, and design critics. Such tools have become common place for assisting designers in creating new designs, modifying old ones, or storing expert design knowledge for later use by oneself, other designers or future generations. Intelligent systems are becoming increasingly important as computer technologies have matured, and global competition has demanded increasingly better products, faster. As these trends continue, intelligent systems will be increasingly necessary for competitiveness. This retrospective will present past advances in a range of areas from model-based and case-based reasoning, machine learning, biologically inspired design, creative design, and virtual design. The work described has roots in many disciplines including engineering, artificial intelligence, psychology, human factors and management science. We present this work with an aim to identify directions in which the field is moving, and more importantly, to gain insights into future directions and critical areas for future research investments. [DOI: 10.1115/1.3593410]; Intelligent Support for Product Design: Looking Backward, Looking Forward"
000292253400010	X	"We present energy filtered electron emission spectromicroscopy with spatial and wave-vector resolution on few-layer epitaxial graphene on SiC(000 (1) over bar) grown by furnace annealing. Low-energy electron microscopy shows that more than 80% of the sample is covered by 2-3 graphene layers. C1s spectromicroscopy provides an independent measurement of the graphene thickness distribution map. The work function, measured by photoelectron emission microscopy (PEEM), varies across the surface from 4.34 to 4.50 eV according to both the graphene thickness and the graphene-SiC interface chemical state. At least two SiC surface chemical states (i.e., two different SiC surface structures) are present at the graphene/SiC interface. Charge transfer occurs at each graphene/SiC interface. k-space PEEM gives 3D maps of the |(k) over bar (parallel to)| pi-pi* band dispersion in micron-scale regions showing that the Dirac point shifts as a function of graphene thickness. Bragg diffraction of the Dirac cones via the superlattice formed by the commensurately rotated graphene sheets is observed. The experiments underline the importance of lateral and spectroscopic resolution on the scale of future electronic devices in order to precisely characterize the transport properties and band alignments.; Microscopic correlation between chemical and electronic states in epitaxial graphene on SiC(000(1)over-bar)"
000292433000002	X	"The field of tissue engineering is a rapidly growing interdisciplinary field within regenerative medicine involving biology, chemistry, physics, engineering and medical sciences, which focuses on the fabrication of replacement tissues and organs. Another major focus of tissue engineering is the creation of ex vivo-manufactured multi-organ test systems, in order to explore fundamental questions of cell. matrix and developmental biology. These ex-vivo manufactured systems can also be used to study drug delivery dynamics. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; In vitro human tissue models - moving towards personalized regenerative medicine"
000292533400002	X	"Cell based therapies for bone regeneration are an exciting emerging technology, but the availability of osteogenic cells is limited and an ideal cell source has not been identified. Amniotic fluid-derived stem cells (AFS) and bone-marrow derived mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) were compared to determine their osteogenic differentiation capacity in both 2D and 3D environments. In 2D culture, the AFS cells produced more mineralized matrix but delayed peaks in osteogenic markers. Cells were also cultured on 3D scaffolds constructed of poly-c-caprolactone for 15 weeks. MSCs differentiated more quickly than AFS cells on 3D scaffolds, but mineralized matrix production slowed considerably after 5 weeks. In contrast, the rate of AFS cell mineralization continued to increase out to 15 weeks, at which time AFS constructs contained 5-fold more mineralized matrix than MSC constructs. Therefore, cell source should be taken into consideration when used for cell therapy, as the MSCs would be a good choice for immediate matrix production, but the AFS cells would continue robust mineralization for an extended period of time. This study demonstrates that stem cell source can dramatically influence the magnitude and rate of osteogenic differentiation in vitro. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.; Cell sourcing for bone tissue engineering: Amniotic fluid stem cells have a delayed, robust differentiation compared to mesenchymal stem cells"
000292538900007	X	"Morphogenesis is an important component of animal development. Genetic redundancy has been proposed to be common among morphogenesis genes, posing a challenge to the genetic dissection of morphogenesis mechanisms. Genetic redundancy is more generally a challenge in biology, as large proportions of the genes in diverse organisms have no apparent loss of function phenotypes. Here, we present a screen designed to uncover redundant and partially redundant genes that function in an example of morphogenesis, gastrulation in Caenorhabditis elegans. We performed an RNA interference (RNAi) enhancer screen in a gastrulation-sensitized double-mutant background, targeting genes likely to be expressed in gastrulating cells or their neighbors. Secondary screening identified 16 new genes whose functions contribute to normal gastrulation in a nonsensitized background. We observed that for most new genes found, the closest known homologs were multiple other C. elegans genes, suggesting that some may have derived from rounds of recent gene duplication events. We predict that such genes are more likely than single copy genes to comprise redundant or partially redundant gene families. We explored this prediction for one gene that we identified and confirmed that this gene and five close relatives, which encode predicted substrate recognition subunits (SRSs) for a CUL-2 ubiquitin ligase, do indeed function partially redundantly with each other in gastrulation. Our results implicate new genes in C. elegans gastrulation, and they show that an RNAi-based enhancer screen in C. elegans can be used as an efficient means to identify important but redundant or partially redundant developmental genes.; Overcoming Redundancy: An RNAi Enhancer Screen for Morphogenesis Genes in Caenorhabditis elegans"
000292639200066	X	"We report on simultaneous thermoelectric power and four-probe resistance measurements of chemical vapor deposition grown graphene during a degas process, as well as in exposure to various gases. For all investigated samples, a dramatic change in thermoelectric power was observed and found to be sensitive to the gas molecule charge doping on the surface of graphene. The observed p-type behavior under ambient conditions supports an electrochemical charge transfer mechanism between the graphene and oxygen redox couple, while the n-type behavior under degassed conditions is ascribed to the electron doping caused by the surface states of the SiO(2)/Si substrate. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi: 10.1063/1.3609858]; Thermoelectric power of graphene as surface charge doping indicator"
000292890600143	X	"This study explores decentralized structural control using wireless sensors and controllers. In a decentralized control scheme, control decisions are based upon data acquired from sensors located in the vicinity of a control device. Specifically, this paper studies a time-delayed decentralized structural control strategy that aims to minimize the H(2) norm of a closed-loop control system. For decentralized control design, one challenge is the non-convexity of the optimization problem caused by a decentralized architecture. A combined homotopic approach with a stochastic genetic search algorithm is explored in this research for designing decentralized structural controllers with minimal closed-loop H(2) norm. Multiple decentralized control architectures are implemented with a network of wireless sensing and control devices. The wireless sensing and control system is installed on a six-story laboratory steel structure controlled by magnetorheological (MR) dampers. The sensor network supports simultaneous communications with multiple wireless subnets. Shake table experiments are conducted to demonstrate the performance of the wireless decentralized H(2) controllers optimized using the homotopic approach with genetic algorithm.; DECENTRALIZED WIRELESS STRUCTURAL SENSING AND CONTROL USING GENETIC ALGORITHM OPTIMIZATION"
000292934000001	X	"We simulate the natural frequencies and the acoustic wave propagation characteristics of graphene nanoribbons (GNRs) of the type (8,0) and (0,8) using an equivalent atomistic-continuum FE model previously developed by some of the authors, where the C-C bonds thickness and average equilibrium lengths during the dynamic loading are identified through the minimisation of the system Hamiltonian. A molecular mechanics model based on the UFF potential is used to benchmark the hybrid FE models developed. The acoustic wave dispersion characteristics of the GNRs are simulated using a Floquet-based wave technique used to predict the pass-stop bands of periodic mechanical structures. We show that the thickness and equilibrium lengths do depend on the specific vibration and dispersion mode considered, and that they are in general different from the classical constant values used in open literature (0.34 nm for thickness and 0.142 nm for equilibrium length). We also show the dependence of the wave dispersion characteristics versus the aspect ratio and edge configurations of the nanoribbons, with widening band-gaps that depend on the chirality of the configurations. The thickness, average equilibrium length and edge type have to be taken into account when nanoribbons are used to design nano-oscillators and novel types of mass sensors based on periodic arrangements of nanostructures.; Dynamics of mechanical waves in periodic grapheme nanoribbon assemblies"
000292959100004	X	"Stem cells possess the unique capacity to differentiate into many clinically relevant somatic cell types, making them a promising cell source for tissue engineering applications and regenerative medicine therapies. However, in order for the therapeutic promise of stem cells to be fully realized, scalable approaches to efficiently direct differentiation must be developed. Traditionally, suspension culture systems are employed for the scale-up manufacturing of biologics via bioprocessing systems that heavily rely upon various types of bioreactors. However, in contrast to conventional bench-scale static cultures, large-scale suspension cultures impart complex hydrodynamic forces on cells and aggregates due to fluid mixing conditions. Stem cells are exquisitely sensitive to environmental perturbations, thus motivating the need for a more systematic understanding of the effects of hydrodynamic environments on stem cell expansion and differentiation. This article discusses the interdependent relationships between stem cell aggregation, metabolism, and phenotype in the context of hydrodynamic culture environments. Ultimately, an improved understanding of the multifactorial response of stem cells to mixed culture conditions will enable the design of bioreactors and bioprocessing systems for scalable directed differentiation approaches.; The Multiparametric Effects of Hydrodynamic Environments on Stem Cell Culture"
000292969600002	X	"The effects of Au grains on graphene conduction and doping are investigated. To obtain a clean Au-graphene contact, Au grains are deposited over graphene before any chemical processing. The bulk and the effective contact resistance versus gate voltage demonstrate that Au grains cause p-doping in graphene. The Fermi level shift is in disagreement with published first-principles calculations, with larger than predicted separation between the graphene and the topmost Au layer. The differential resistance versus bias voltage display anomalies at zero bias and at higher voltages, the latter likely caused by inelastic tunneling across the Au-graphene interface.; Electronic properties of Au-graphene contacts"
000292976800009	X	"Highly ordered reduced graphene oxide (RG-O) micro-patterns were crafted by an efficient method capitalizing on the self-assembled polymer template. Central to this strategy is to fabricate the polymer template over a large area via controlled evaporative self-assembly (CESA), and treat the templated glass substrate with the O(2) plasma to render the favorable interaction between the RG-O platelets and the substrate, thereby yielding well-defined microscopic RG-O patterns on the large scale.; Micro-patterns of reduced graphene oxide (RG-O) platelets crafted by a self-assembled template"
000293075200008	X	"Aims The objective of this study was to investigate whether vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) secreted by mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) improves myocardial survival and the engraftment of implanted MSC in infarcted hearts and promotes recruitment of stem cells through paracrine release of myocardial stromal cell-derived factor-1 alpha (SDF-1 alpha). Methods and results VEGF-expressing MSC ((VEGF)MSC)-conditioned medium enhanced SDF-1 alpha expression in heart slices and H9C2 cardio-myoblast cells via VEGF and the vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR). The (VEGF)MSC-conditioned medium markedly promoted cardiac stem cell (CSC) migration at least in part via the SDF-1 alpha/CXCR4 pathway and involved binding to VEGFR-1 and VEGFR-3. In vivo, (VEGF)MSC-stimulated SDF-1 alpha expression in infarcted hearts resulted in massive mobilization and homing of bone marrow stem cells and CSC. Moreover, VEGF-induced SDF-1 alpha guided the exogenously introduced CSC in the atrioventricular groove to migrate to the infarcted area, leading to a reduction in infarct size. Functional studies showed that (VEGF)MSC transplantation stimulated extensive angiomyogenesis in infarcted hearts as indicated by the expression of cardiac troponin T, CD31, and von Willebrand factor and improved the left ventricular performance, whereas blockade of SDF-1 alpha or its receptor by RNAi or antagonist significantly diminished the beneficial effects of (VEGF)MSC. Conclusion Exogenously expressed VEGF promotes myocardial repair at least in part through SDF-1 alpha/CXCR4-mediated recruitment of CSC.; VEGF/SDF-1 promotes cardiac stem cell mobilization and myocardial repair in the infarcted heart"
000293163700014	X	"We report the development of metal transfer micromolded (MTM) three-dimensional microelectrode arrays (3D MEAs) for a transcutaneous nerve tracking application. The measurements of electrode-skin-electrode impedance (ESEI), electromyography (EMG) and nerve conduction utilizing these minimally invasive 3D MEAs are demonstrated in this paper. The 3D MEAs used in these measurements consist of a metalized micro-tower array that can penetrate the outer layers of the skin in a painless fashion and are fabricated using MTM technology. Two techniques, an inclined UV lithography approach and a double-side exposure of thick negative tone resist, have been developed to fabricate the 3D MEA master structure. The MEAs themselves are fabricated from the master structure utilizing micromolding techniques. Metal patterns are transferred during the micromolding process, thereby ensuring reduced process steps compared to traditional silicon-based approaches. These 3D MEAs have been packaged utilizing biocompatible Kapton (R) substrates. ESEI measurements have been carried out on test human subjects with standard commercial wet electrodes as a reference. The 3D MEAs demonstrate an order of magnitude lower ESEI (normalized to area) compared to wet electrodes for an area that is 12.56 times smaller. This compares well with other demonstrated approaches in literature. For a nerve tracking demonstration, we have chosen EMG and nerve conduction measurements on test human subjects. The 3D MEAs show 100% improvement in signal power and SNR/root area as compared to standard electrodes. They also demonstrate larger amplitude signals and faster rise times during nerve conduction measurements. We believe that this microfabrication and packaging approach scales well to large-area, high-density arrays required for applications like nerve tracking. This development will increase the stimulation and recording fidelity of skin surface electrodes, while increasing their spatial resolution by an order of magnitude or more. Although biopotential electrode systems are not without their challenges, the non-invasive access to neural information, along with the potential for automation with associated electronic and software development, is precisely what makes this technology an excellent candidate for the next generation in diagnostic, therapeutic, and prosthetic devices.; Micromachined three-dimensional electrode arrays for transcutaneous nerve tracking"
000293175100024	X	"Anthelmintic resistance is a major problem in livestock farming, especially of small ruminants, but our understanding of it has been limited by the difficulty in carrying out functional genetic studies on parasitic nematodes. An important nematode infecting sheep and goats is Haemonchus contortus; in many parts of the world this species is resistant to almost all the currently available drugs, including ivermectin. It is extremely polymorphic and to date it has proved impossible to relate any sequence polymorphisms to its ivermectin resistance status. Expression of candidate drug-resistance genes in Caenorhabditis elegans could provide a convenient means to study the effects of polymorphisms found in resistant parasites, but may be complicated by differences between the gene families of target and model organisms. We tested this using the glutamate-gated chloride channel (GluCl) gene family, which forms the ivermectin drug target and are candidate resistance genes. We expressed GluCl subunits from C. elegans and H. contortus in a highly resistant triple mutant C. elegans strain (DA1316) under the control of the avr-14 promoter; expression of GFP behind this promoter recapitulated the pattern previously reported for avr-14. Expression of ivermectin-sensitive subunits from both species restored drug sensitivity to transgenic worms, though some quantitative differences were noted between lines. Expression of an ivermectin-insensitive subunit, Hco-GLC-2, had no effect on drug sensitivity. Expression of a previously uncharacterised parasite-specific subunit, Hco-GLC-6, caused the transgenic worms to become ivermectin sensitive, suggesting that this subunit also encodes a GluCl that responds to the drug. These results demonstrate that both orthologous and paralogous subunits from C. elegans and H. contortus are able to rescue the ivermectin sensitivity of mutant C. elegans, though some quantitative differences were observed between transgenic lines in some assays. C. elegans is a suitable system for studying parasitic nematode genes that may be involved in drug resistance.; Glutamate-Gated Chloride Channels of Haemonchus contortus Restore Drug Sensitivity to Ivermectin Resistant Caenorhabditis elegans"
000293213600035	X	"Control over the ratio of two blocks in a new class of all-conjugated diblock copolymers, poly(3-butylthiophene)-b-poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3BHT), provides a facile approach to precisely tune the molecular organization and nanoscale morphology in polymer bulk heterojunction (BHJ) solar cells. In stark contrast to the power conversion efficiency, PCE, of 1.08% in poly(3-butylthiophene) (P3BT)/[6,6]-phenyl-C(71)-butyric acid methyl ester (PC(71)BM) and 3.54% in poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT)/PC(71)BM solar cells, an attractive, high PCE of 4.02% was achieved in a P3BHT21/PC(71)BM BHJ device in which the molar ratio of P3BT : P3HT in P3BHT21 was 2 : 1. The ratio of P3BT and P3HT blocks was found to exert a noteworthy influence on the molecular organization of P3BHT, the film morphology of P3BHT/PC(71)BM blend, and the final performance of P3BHT/PC(71)BM photovoltaic devices. This enhanced performance reflected a synergy of finer phase separation of P3BHT21 and PC(71)BM and the formation of respective percolation networks of electron donor P3BHT and electron acceptor PC(71)BM. The P3HT block rendered the P3BHT chains with favorable chemical compatibility for the diffusion of PC(71)BM molecules, allowing for finer phase separation between P3BHT crystalline domains and PC(71)BM domains at the nanoscale and maximizing the interfacial area of P3BHT21/PC(71)BM for improved charge generation. The P3BT block facilitated the self-assembly of P3BHT chains into sufficient interpenetrating pathways for efficient charge transport and collection. Moreover, a small crystalline domain with a size of 10.4 nm formed in the active layer that is comparable to the exciton diffusion length of most conjugated polymers (similar to 10 nm).; All-conjugated poly(3-alkylthiophene) diblock copolymer-based bulk heterojunction solar cells with controlled molecular organization and nanoscale morphology"
000293213600037	X	"In recent years, considerable efforts have been made to improve the performance of photoactive nanostructured materials for water splitting applications. Herein, we report on the assembly and use of a bacteriorhodopsin (bR)/TiO(2) nanotube array hybrid electrode system. Photoanode materials composed of similar to 7 mu m long self-ordered and vertically oriented nanotube array of titanium dioxide films were fabricated via the anodization of Ti foil in formamide electrolytes containing NH(4)F at room temperature followed by sensitization of the electrodes with bR. The stability of bR on the TiO(2) surface was found to depend on the pretreatment process of the TiO(2) films. Our results demonstrate the opportunity to fabricate fairly stable bR/TiO(2) hybrid electrodes that can be used as photoanodes for photoelectrochemical water splitting. Under AM 1.5 illumination (100 mW/cm(2)), the hybrid electrodes achieved a photocurrent density of 0.65 mA/cm(2) which is a similar to 50% increase over that measured for pure TiO(2) nanotubes (0.43 mA/cm(2)) fabricated and tested under the same conditions. In the presence of a redox electrolyte, the photocurrent increased to 0.87 mA/cm(2). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report on the use of bR/TiO(2) hybrid electrodes in photoelectrochemical water oxidation cells. We believe the proton pumping property of bR can be used in a variety of applications, especially those related to third generation photovoltaic cells.; Bacteriorhodopsin/TiO(2) nanotube arrays hybrid system for enhanced photoelectrochemical water splitting"
000293475500026	X	"Temperature-dependent photoluminescence (PL) of graphene oxide (GO) reduced with hydrazine and heat has been measured to investigate the effect of reduction type on the bandgap of the reduced GO. Nitrogen functionalities formed in the hydrazine-treated GO were responsible for a strong localization of carriers that caused in a fluctuation in PL peak position with temperature. The intensity of C-OH peak was relatively low in the heat-treated GO, indicating that raising temperature facilitated the removal of hydroxyl groups, resulting in larger sp(2) domain size and smaller bandgap energy. (C) 2011 American Institute of Physics. [doi:10.1063/1.3616142]; Temperature-dependent photoluminescence from chemically and thermally reduced graphene oxide"
000293521700003	X	"Semiconductor quantum dots exhibit great potential for applications in next generation high efficiency, low cost solar cells because of their unique optoelectronic properties. Cu(2)ZnSnS(4) (CZTS) nanocrystals and graphene quantum dots (GQDs) have recently received much attention as building blocks for use in solar energy conversion due to their outstanding properties and advantageous characteristics, including high optical absorptivity, tunable bandgap, and earth abundant chemical composition. In this Feature Article, recent advances in the synthesis and utilization of CZTS nanocrystals and colloidal GQDs for photovoltaics are highlighted, followed by an outlook on the future research efforts in these areas.; Cu(2)ZnSnS(4) nanocrystals and graphene quantum dots for photovoltaics"
000293521700025	X	The effects of thermal and solvent vapor annealing on the photovoltaic performance of a new class of all-conjugated poly(3-butylthiophene)-b-poly(3-hexylthiophene) diblock copolymer/PC(71)BM bulk heterojunction (BHJ) solar cells were scrutinized and theoretically analyzed using the single diode model combined with experimental measurements. The meanings of physical parameters in the model were elucidated in the context of crystalline order and phase separation to gain fundamental insight into the mechanism of annealing effects on the device performance of a new class of all-conjugated diblock copolymer-based BHJ solar cells.; Annealing effects on the photovoltaic performance of all-conjugated poly(3-alkylthiophene) diblock copolymer-based bulk heterojunction solar cells
000293555100018	X	"A twisted graphene bilayer consists of two graphene monolayers rotated by an angle. with respect to each other. Theory predicts that charge-neutral twisted graphene bilayers display a drastic reduction of their Fermi velocity v(F) for 0 less than or similar to 0 less than or similar to 20 degrees and 40 less than or similar to 0 less than or similar to 60 degrees. In this paper we present evidence for an additional anisotropic reduction of v(F) in the presence of external electrostatic fields. We also discuss in quantitative detail velocity renormalization for other relevant bands in the vicinity of the K point. Except for a rigid energy shift, electrostatic fields and doping by metal atoms give rise to similar renormalization of the band structure of twisted graphene bilayers.; Effects of electrostatic fields and charge doping on the linear bands in twisted graphene bilayers"
000293631400015	X	"Xylan, being the second most abundant polysaccharide in dicot wood, is considered to be one of the factors contributing to wood biomass recalcitrance for biofuel production. To better utilize wood as biofuel feedstock, it is crucial to functionally characterize all the genes involved in xylan biosynthesis during wood formation. In this report, we investigated roles of poplar families GT43 and GT8 glycosyltransferases in xylan biosynthesis during wood formation. There exist seven GT43 genes in the genome of poplar (Populus trichocarpa), five of which, namely PtrGT43A, PtrGT43B, PtrGT43C, PtrGT43D, and PtrGT43E, were shown to be highly expressed in the developing wood and their encoded proteins were localized in the Golgi. Comprehensive genetic complementation coupled with chemical analyses demonstrated that overexpression of PtrGT43A/B/E but not PtrGT43C/D was able to rescue the xylan defects conferred by the Arabidopsis irx9 mutant, whereas overexpression of PtrGT43C/D but not PtrGT43A/B/E led to a complementation of the xylan defects in the Arabidopsis irx14 mutant. The essential roles of poplar GT43 members in xylan biosynthesis was further substantiated by RNAi down-regulation of GT43B in the hybrid poplar (Populus alba x tremula) leading to reductions in wall thickness and xylan content in wood, and an elevation in the abundance of the xylan reducing end sequence. Wood digestibility analysis revealed that cellulase digestion released more glucose from the wood of poplar GT43B RNAi lines than the control wood, indicating a decrease in wood biomass recalcitrance. Furthermore, RNAi down-regulation of another poplar wood-associated glycosyltransferase, PoGT8D, was shown to cause decreases in wall thickness and xylan content as well as in the abundance of the xylan reducing end sequence. Together, these findings demonstrate that the poplar GT43 members form two functionally non-redundant groups, namely PtrGT43A/B/E as functional orthologs of Arabidopsis IRX9 and PtrGT43C/D as functional orthologs of Arabidopsis IRX14, all of which are involved in the biosynthesis of xylan backbones, and that the poplar GT8D is essential for the biosynthesis of the xylan reducing end sequence.; Molecular Dissection of Xylan Biosynthesis during Wood Formation in Poplar"
000293708100020	X	"A fast and efficient multiobjective optimization design method is developed for induction machines, which requires much fewer design iterations than the traditional design methods. In this new method, the number of prime variables that define the optimization is reduced to only six. A canonical particle swarm optimization (PSO) method with penalty function for design constraints is developed to find the optimal solution for a user-defined objective function. After several trial solutions with the PSO, the optimal regions for both the design variables and the performance indexes can be estimated. The results will provide useful information for both a drive system designer and a machine designer at an early stage of the design process. A comparison study of PSO and genetic algorithm (GA) is also performed in this paper, and the comparison shows that PSO is more successful in finding the global optima and also has better computational efficiency than GA. The original contributions of this paper are a novel induction machine design method, consideration of winding turn selection limitation, and a machine-design-focused comparison.; A Novel Method for Multiobjective Design and Optimization of Three Phase Induction Machines"
000293768400055	X	"The performance of organic photovoltaic (OPV) devices is currently limited by modest short-circuit current densities. Approaches toward improving this output parameter may provide new avenues to advance OPV technologies and the basic science of charge transfer in organic semiconductors. This work highlights how steric control of the charge separation interface can be effectively tuned in OPV devices. By introducing an octylphenyl substituent onto the investigated polymer backbones, the thermally relaxed charge-transfer state, and potentially excited charge-transfer states, can be raised in energy. This decreases the barrier to charge separation and results in increased photocurrent generation. This finding is of particular significance for nonfullerene OPVs, which have many potential advantages such as tunable energy levels and spectral breadth, but are prone to poor exciton separation efficiencies. Computational, spectroscopic, and synthetic methods were combined to develop a structure-property relationship that correlates polymer substituents with charge-transfer state energies and, ultimately, device efficiencies.; Steric Control of the Donor/Acceptor Interface: Implications in Organic Photovoltaic Charge Generation"
000293795800005	X	Nanosilicon-Coated Graphene Granules as Anodes for Li-Ion Batteries
000293841900001	X	"Due to polarization of ions in crystals with noncentral symmetry, such as ZnO, GaN, and InN, a piezoelectric potential (piezopotential) is created in the crystal when stress is applied. Electronics fabricated using the inner-crystal piezopotential as a gate voltage to tune or control the charge transport behavior across a metal/semiconductor interface or a p-n junction are called piezotronics. This is different from the basic design of complimentary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) field-effect transistors and has applications in force and pressure triggered or controlled electronic devices, sensors, microelectromechanical systems (MEMS), human-computer interfacing, nanorobotics, and touch-pad technologies. Here, the theory of charge transport in piezotronic devices is investigated. In addition to presenting the formal theoretical frame work, analytical solutions are presented for cases including metal-semiconductor contact and p-n junctions under simplified conditions. Numerical calculations are given for predicting the current-voltage characteristics of a general piezotronic transistor: metal-ZnO nanowire-metal device. This study provides important insight into the working principles and characteristics of piezotronic devices, as well as providing guidance for device design.; Fundamental Theory of Piezotronics"
000294085400066	X	"We have developed a method combining lithography and catalytic etching to fabricate large-area (uniform coverage overan entire 5-in, wafer) arrays of vertically aligned single. crystal 51 nanowires with high throughput. Coaxial n-Si/p-SiGe-wire arrays are also fabricated by. further coating single-crystal epitaxial SiGe layers on the Si wires using Ultrahigh vacuum chemical vapor deposition (UHVCVD). This method allows precise control over the diameter, length, density, spacing, orientation, shape, pattern and location of Si and Si/SiGe nanowire arrays, making it possible to fabricate an array of devices based on rationally designed nanowire arrays. A proposed.. fabrication mechanism of the etching process is presented. Inspired by the excellent antireflection properties of the Si/SiGe wire arrays, we built solar cells based on the arrays of these wires containing. radial junctions, an example of which exhibits an open circuit voltage (V(oc)) of 650 mV, a short-circuit current density (J(sc)) of 8.38 mA/cm(2), a fill factor of 0.60, and an energy conversion efficiency (eta) of 3.26%. Such a p-n radial structure will have a great potential application for cost-efficient photovoltaic (PV) solar energy conversion.; Wafer-Scale High-Throughput Ordered Arrays of Si and Coaxial Si/Si(1-x)Ge(x) Wires: Fabrication, Characterization, and Photovoltaic Application"
000294098300007	X	"Bio-fuels represent promising candidates for renewable liquid fuels. One of the challenges for the emerging industry is the high level of uncertainty in supply amounts, market demands, market prices, and processing technologies. These uncertainties complicate the assessment of investment decisions. This paper presents a model for the optimal design of biomass supply chain networks under uncertainty. The uncertainties manifest themselves as a large number of stochastic model parameters that could impact the overall profitability and design. The supply chain network we study covers the Southeastern region of the United States and includes biomass supply locations and amounts, candidate sites and capacities for two kinds of fuel conversion processing, and the logistics of transportation from the locations of forestry resources to the conversion sites and then to the final markets. To reduce the design problem to a manageable size the impact of each uncertain parameter on the objective function is computed for each end of the parameter's range. The parameters that cause the most change in the profit over their range are then combined into scenarios that are used to find a design through a two stage mixed integer stochastic program. The first stage decisions are the capital investment decisions including the size and location of the processing plants. The second stage recourse decisions are the biomass and product flows in each scenario. The objective is the maximization of the expected profit over the different scenarios. The robustness and global sensitivity analysis of the nominal design (for a single nominal scenario) vs. the robust design (for multiple scenarios) are analyzed using Monte Carlo simulation over the hypercube formed from the parameter ranges. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.; Optimal design and global sensitivity analysis of biomass supply chain networks for biofuels under uncertainty"
000294306900026	X	"Solar cells are the most effective approach for sustainable energy to meet the world's increasing needs in energy. However, their large-scale applications have been limited by low cost performance, supply of raw materials, complex preparation processes and the possible pollutions produced during processing. Here we introduce a novel fiber solar cell housed in a simple and low-cost parabolic-shape reflector, which can effectively capture diffuse light from all directions. The maximum efficiency of the fiber based dye-sensitized solar cells alone reached 7.02%. Furthermore, the maximum power output was enhanced by a factor of two and five, respectively, when the fiber was in conjunction with a diffuse reflector or a micro-light concentrating groove.; Conjunction of fiber solar cells with groovy micro-reflectors as highly efficient energy harvesters"
000294306900038	X	"Brief 160 degrees C annealing treatments dramatically enhanced the performance of bulk heterojunction inverted polymer solar cells with an ITO/ZnO/P3HT: PCBM/MoO3/Ag structure. The influence of such treatments on cell performance has been correlated to vertical phase segregation and crystallization within the photoactive layer of such cells. The photoactive layer, comprised of a mixture of P3HT and PCBM deposited on ZnO, was annealed for 10-30 min at 160 degrees C. Depth profiling with X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) revealed that such annealing resulted in enrichment of the P3HT concentration near the ZnO layer, particularly after 20 and 30 min of annealing. Crystallization of P3HT was detected by X-ray diffraction (XRD) analyses after 10 to 30 min of such annealing, with little difference in the extent of crystallization detected over this time frame. It was found that vertical segregation does not seem to play a role as significant as that of crystallization on cell performance.; Roles of thermally-induced vertical phase segregation and crystallization on the photovoltaic performance of bulk heterojunction inverted polymer solar cells"
000294538200012	X	"In this study, we present a new fracture testing technique that can be used to determine the tensile strength of low strength thin films. This test utilizes standard photolithography processes to fabricate test samples and to perform the test. Finite element analysis is then used to extract tensile strength from the experimental data. This technique is demonstrated by measuring tensile strength values for parylene-C thin films. The polymer parylene-C is commonly deposited as a thin film and used in a wide range of applications, but few reports have been presented on its mechanical properties. Test samples were fabricated on glass slides with 100 nm of SiO(2) and 1 mu m or 3.64 mu m of parylene-C. The tensile strength of parylene-C was determined to be in the range of 57 MPa by using finite element analysis to extract the tensile strength from the experimental data.; New Method to Measure Tensile Strength of Low Modulus Thin Films"
